A BOOTCAMP TO ACCELERATE THREE PROJECTS WITH A FOCUS ON SUSTAINABILITY

NICE

------------------------------------------------------------

A bootcamp to accelerate three projects with a focus on sustainability

A three-day bootcamp at the Nice HQ in which three business ideas were developed
from three briefs, each with a strong focus on sustainability, and presented to
the management team.The process involved three selected teams within Nice, each
supported by a university student and a MAIZE facilitator.The teams worked
following business design methodologies and were guided by moments of frontal
training and group work.

NICE

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2023

------------------------------------------------------------

A bootcamp to accelerate three projects with a focus on sustainability

Accelerate three internal Nice briefs with a focus on sustainability.

A three-day bootcamp alternating with lectures and group work in which to
develop the identified briefs following business design methodologies.

Three business ideas that were presented to the Nice management team to select
and develop the most promising ones.

We supported Nice in a process in which three internal needs of the company were
identified which were translated into three briefs with a strong focus on
sustainability:

Renewable energy | how to use renewable energy as a primary power source

Eco-design | how to develop products with a view to recycling and reusing
materials

Refurbished products | how to place refurbished products on the market

For each of the identified briefs, a team composed of figures from different
Nice business units, a university student and a MAIZE facilitator was
selected.The three teams worked during three days of bootcamp in which, altered
by training moments and group work, they developed three business ideas which
were presented to the Nice management team in a dedicated session.The business
ideas were developed following a business design methodology which led the teams
to think and stress the ideas on different themes: value proposition, target
customers and suppliers, customer journey, definition of assumptions, business
modelling, competition, dimensions of market and definition of the prototype.

NICE

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2023

------------------------------------------------------------
