A CUSTOMIZED INSURANCE PRODUCT CONFIGURATOR

------------------------------------------------------------

A customized insurance product configurator

Immagina Benessere is a configurator of protection scenarios for Generali
customers, capable of describing and proposing an integrated and personalized
offer for the development of the most diverse life projects.The tool allows for
a "playful" profiling of the customer and his interests, resulting in an
idealization through fictitious testimonials, which will represent the customer
himself.The tool then presents the ideal configuration that satisfies user's
needs, still leaving the possibility of activating some sub-products, and
possibly moving on to industrial systems for the creation of the policy.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A customized insurance product configurator

The customer asked us to imagine, design and create a tool for use by the sales
agent, which would help simplify the story of the complexity of a family of
products.

We have designed a digital tool which, through an interactive survey on the
customer and his interests, offers a simplified but extremely personalized
configuration.

Almost 3,500 agents used the tool, proposing more than 10,000 configurations,
many of which were then included in estimates in industrial systems.

Immagina Benessere is a tool aimed at the entire agent population.The solution
created is a responsive website that can be used both from desktop but also on
the move, as a cloud service.The agent accesses through a direct link with
authorization checks, and can therefore carry out a configuration of suggested
product bundles starting from a survey based on his customer's interests. The
result is saved and can possibly be sent to the customer in the form of a PDF
linked in an email.Furthermore, the resulting configuration can be propagated to
the SPRINT estimator.The logical subdivision of the responsive platform
includes:The Front End that combines Responsive Templating and Data
Visualization, as well as user survey collectionThe logical back-end that takes
care of all the operations offered to the frontend via API, and which integrates
with external systems (SSO, sending emails, SPRINT services).The dialogue
between the two parties occurs through REST APIs defined in the backend. A
backend component, used as a calculation engine, lives on a separate machine in
the form of a Docker container.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
