A DESIGN SYSTEM FOR ALL DIGITAL TOUCHPOINTS

ITALGAS

------------------------------------------------------------

A Design System for all digital touchpoints

Italgas interfaces with different stakeholders through a large number of digital
tools, which is set to grow very quickly in the coming years.

We have proposed a Design System that provides everyone with a set of rules
(principles, style guides, best practices) and tools (components) to support
design and development teams in the implementation of new sites or applications,
guaranteeing a coherent UX, therefore more usable, and optimizing release times.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

A Design System for all digital touchpoints

Create a digital ecosystem that through the Design System generates
recognisability and efficiency in the development and maintenance of all digital
tools.

A library of visual elements that combined with the guidelines define a Design
System that can be used across all digital touchpoints and is consistent with
the brand identity.

Foundation, atoms, molecules and organisms that define DeSI, the Italgas Design
System and generate positive impact on users and stakeholders of Italgas sites
and apps.

We designed DeSI the Italgas Design System to be used on all digital touchpoints
and to be consistent with the brand identity in order to be recognizable and
familiar to users.The Atomic Design approach, based on the identification of
atoms, molecules and organisms, was used to design DeSI.We started by mapping
the visual elements used on the corporate site and derived a library of
components from these.Among the principles that guided the design were those
related to accessibility indicated by the W3C according to which a site must be:
perceptible, usable, understandable, robust.We created a Sketch file with all
the elements that make up the library, an online documentation created on
Zeroheight.We also developed all the components divided into atoms, molecules
and organisms using Fractal, a tool designed specifically for creating and
documenting libraries of web components.As a template engine to be used within
the tool, we relied on Twig.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
