A LEARNING PATH DEDICATED TO PRIVATE BANKERS OF THE FUTURE

FIDEURAM

------------------------------------------------------------

A learning path dedicated to private bankers of the future

We created the path through several design steps that included:- listening
directly to a selected group of private bankers to understand their training
needs and the most interesting topics for their profession- the definition of
the main themes (new generations & Artificial Intelligence)- the design of the
learning experience consisting of content, different formats and learning
materials- the delivery of the 10 classroom training sessions

FIDEURAM

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

A learning path dedicated to private bankers of the future

Fideuram asked us to support them in designing a training class to be delivered
in the classroom, dedicated to Digital Specialists, those Private Bankers with
high level of digital skills.

We designed a 16-hour training course dedicated to private bankers designed to
give them some useful tools to better cope with the transformation and evolution
of their role.

The course involved 250+ private bankers from Fideuram's network divided into 10
sessions receiving an overall satisfaction rating of 5.7 out of 6.

The training course was divided into two macro-blocks: new generations &
Artificial Intelligence.The first block was conceived and designed to help
Private Bankers learn more about the characteristics of the generations (Baby
Boomers, Gen X, Millennials, and Gen Z), the topics that are most interesting to
them (values, financial habits, and consumption habits), and the most suitable
communication channels to reach the various targets. Through face-to-face
content and group exercises, participants learned about the hottest topics
regarding this theme.The second block was conceived and designed to support
Private Bankers in discovering the tools offered by Artificial Intelligence
(ChatGPT and Co-Pilot) so that they can integrate them into their work routines
with a view to streamlining some tasks and improving some processes. Through
some frontal content regarding the basic rudiments of AI and several practical
experiments on the tools, participants were able to confront the tools currently
offered in AI so as to understand how to make the most of them by understanding
their potential and possible applications.

FIDEURAM

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
