A NEW EXPERIENCE TO SUBSCRIBE AND USE THE LOYALTY PROGRAMME

------------------------------------------------------------

A new experience to subscribe and use the loyalty programme

The client, an Italian leader in the large-scale retail sector, asked us to
support them in a process of innovation of the subscription and usage experience
of their loyalty programme. The required objective was to abandon paper-based
subscription and create a smooth and consistent subscription and usage
experience across all touchpoints (in store, on site, in indirect channels)
while taking into account existing constraints, both at the level of
technological systems and in-store processes.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

A new experience to subscribe and use the loyalty programme

Redesigning the subscription and access experience to the loyalty programme.

A strategic scenario to strive for the evolution of the loyalty programme and a
tactical experience to be developed in the short term considering the existing
constraints.

1 strategic scenario, 10 processes analysed and redesigned, 6 working tables
activated to ground the experience.

The project included the following activities:

Context analysis: through a workshop with the core team and several visits in
the brand, competitors and other players stores and websites

XP as-is mapping: with evidence of key moments, touchpoints, current contraints

Benchmark: realization of a benchmark document with key takeaways and
inspirational examples from the research

Strategic Scenario: long-term scenario with core pillars (user centricity,
service ecosystem, unique customer access, fluid and omnichannel experience,
automated processes, enhanced operating model)

Tactical to-be experience: starting from the strategic pillars but considering
the constraints in place today, the tactical scenario was developed by defining
blueprints of the to-be experience, the touchpoints of the new experience and
the new processes that allow the experience to work (subscription, association
of the fidelity card to one's profile, points balance retrieval, use at the
checkout).

Customer status: mapping of current and prospect customers considering their
loyalty status to enable the company to have an ordered database and activate
targeted actions for the various user clusters.

The work was formalised in a report that will be used in the next step of
grounding the project, which involves the activation of working tables dedicated
to the development of individual touchpoints and experience processes.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
