A NEW ENGAGING AND PERSONALIZED ONBOARDING PROCESS FOR A LUXURY COMPANY

------------------------------------------------------------

A new engaging and personalized onboarding process for a luxury company

MAIZE was engaged by a client working in the Luxury industry to design for its
employees a comprehensive and engaging onboarding journey  that embraced the
differences across countries, brands and roles while staying consistent with the
company's narrative.Our path began with an analysis of the current onboarding
context and process and the collection of user needs, thanks to the support from
the core team and the main stakeholders that they helped us involve. The
blueprint of the new process was discussed and validated, and based on the
findings of the design phase and a technology assessment, we identified a
digital solution with the client.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

A new engaging and personalized onboarding process for a luxury company

Designing a comprehensive and engaging onboarding journey for employees that
could be consistent with the company's narrative but also accommodate the
differences between countries, brands, and roles.

A path that revises the onboarding experience as a composite learning path built
from the analysis of the context, the collection of new joiners' needs, and by
working closely with the HR team.

A blueprint of the new onboarding process, including a technology assessment and
the proposal of a digital solution, all shared and validated with the core team
and key stakeholders.

To create a new onboarding process that could be truly useful to employees, we
developed a process made by the following activities:

Content mapping - studying, mapping, and organizing existing content in order to
organically incorporate it into the new process

Context analysis - understanding the current and desired process through 1:1
interviews with employees and co-design workshops with the core project team and
key stakeholders

Process design - elaboration of insights that emerged during the analysis phase
and design of the new onboarding path, experience guidelines including
touchpoints, timing, content, roles and responsibilities

Finalization and technology proposal - structured meeting to validate the
blueprint of the new process; the solution was chosen based on the findings and
a technology assessment. Then the process was presented internally to key
stakeholders for approval.

Once the new onboarding process was defined, the next step was to design a
digital touchpoint that would support employees (both newcomers and those who
have to bring them on board) to a complete and satisfactory enjoyment of the
experience.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
