A PROJECT TO ELEVATE 3D ADOPTION INTO THE PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PROCESSES

------------------------------------------------------------

A project to elevate 3D adoption into the product development processes

An important fashion company contacted us to help them introduce 3D into the
production process of the accessories and footwear teams, which found it
difficult to innovate the tools and the method.We then conducted 14 interviews
with key stakeholders, which allowed us to map the current development process
and identify main insights.The project ended with an organizational re-design
workshop in which we redesigned the ideal process together with the two teams
and after which we presented an action plan to be able to implement it.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

A project to elevate 3D adoption into the product development processes

Making the product development process more efficient by helping the accessory
and footwear teams introduce 3D, overcoming the difficulties of using new tools
and working methods.

The redesign of the development process, began with an ethnographic analysis of
the as-is, the identification of opportunity areas, a co-design workshop, and a
final action plan to be implemented.

The identification of three macro areas of intervention, the co-design of the
ideal process and an action plan consisting of a list of priority activities to
be implemented in the following year.

To help an important fashion company introduce 3D into the product development
process of the accessories and footwear teams, we started by analyzing the pain
points that slowed down the teams the most in being able to change tools and
methods.To map the as-is development process (from briefing to
industrialization), we conducted 14  interviews with key stakeholders from
different divisions, which allowed us to identify the main insights: the pain-
points that hindered innovation and the resulting opportunities.The final
mapping, of which the main insights were grouped into topics, can be summarized
in three macro areas of intervention:

Align KPIs with process optimization

Make teams aware of the creative potential of 3D

Gradually streamline the process by introducing hybrid review modes

The third phase of the project saw the two teams participate in a co-design
workshop of their ideal process, stimulating direct discussion on specific pain
points.The project concluded with our restitution of the two action plans to be
undertaken to gradually implement the ideal processes, based on the priorities
that emerged during the workshop.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
