AFTERWORDS, A VIDEO SERIES TO SHARE INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS, WORDS, AND IDEAS DURING
LOCKDOWN

H-FARM

------------------------------------------------------------

Afterwords, a video series to share individual thoughts, words, and ideas during
lockdown

Maize's cultural factory focused on organizational and people evolution offering
stories, perspectives, and collaborative tools. 

maize offers insightful content and unconventional points of view with a
humanistic outlook, encouraging the ongoing debate about innovation and its
impact. During the COVID-19 health emergency we felt the need to bring people
together by creating a community that shared their points of view. 

In April 2020, we launched Afterwords on our online platform. The web-series
lasted 6 weeks and involved our international network.

H-FARM

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Afterwords, a video series to share individual thoughts, words, and ideas during
lockdown

Give space to individuals to express their thoughts and feelings with simple
words as they reflected on the lockdown period during the COVID-19 crisis.

Afterwords, a format condensed into short (2-5 min) spontaneous videos, sharing
thoughts, emotions, and opinions. Published daily online and on various social
networks.

We edited and published 34 videos during a 6-week period involving partners
and thought leaders from around the world.

Progressing relentlessly, the virus that isolated us and struck us numb put our
trust and faith in the world to the test. What would we become once it was all
over? Would we manage to pick up and re-establish our optimism or would we
surrender to the profound cracks it had carved in our being? Those were only
some of the questions posed to our network as we waited for their input. The
main objective of Afterwords was to collectively share during the crisis period
and speak at eye level to various audiences. Afterwords created a time capsule
within maize and offered a liberal space for expressing thoughts and feelings,
away from mainstream issues around business, economics, and politics. 

We asked participants to focus on various topics ranging from culture and the
arts to the changing concept of time, intimacy, space, solidarity,
leadership... 

Videos were homemade and recorded based on our guidelines. Once received, the
videos were put into the Afterwords format and optimized for video and sound
quality. The content remained untouched, although we extracted some subtitles
and quotes which we then used in our digital and print publications.

We published 31 videos involving experts from various fields.

Watch the video series: maize.io/afterwords

H-FARM

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
