ALL FUTURE TALENTS, ALLITUDE'S TALENT PROGRAM

ALLITUDE

------------------------------------------------------------

All future talents, Allitude's talent program

First edition of All future talent, the talent program that aims to attract and
train young recent graduates by observing the capabilities searched by the
organization and combining several activities including an ARG experience, a
project work and self-training. The activities designed for the recruiting event
allow candidates to demonstrate aptitudes, behaviors, and interests in order to
make the recruiting process as inclusive as possible while the pathway's
training modalities leave autonomy in managing their own training activities and
incentivize the continuous exchange of feedback, which is crucial for growth.

ALLITUDE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

All future talents, Allitude's talent program

Carry out the first edition of the Talent Program aimed at attracting young
recent graduates to the company and training them.

A recruiting event and internship pathway that uses game logic, teamwork and
self-determination to accompany growth.

Brand awareness to a young audience, a new business process for doing talent
acquisition, and a format for a replicable recruiting event.

The project is divided into two phases:1. PROGRAM LAUNCH AND RECRUITING DAYWe
designed and delivered the Recruiting Day, an in-person selection day in which
30 candidates were observed in different activities (empathy toy, speed-date
interview and team challenge) and evaluated according to criteria summarized in
a capabilities framework designed specifically for Allitude. At the end of the
event we selected 6 people who were given access to the training path in the
company.We supported the client in launching and promoting the event by taking
care of the communication assets.2. TRAINING PATH - 5 months.We designed and
accompanied a training path designed for young people including an ARG-inspired
experience and a project work, and we introduced the buddy as a support
figure.Participants were provided with a Journal -a diary to reflect
independently on their own growth- and also engaged through a community channel
on Teams where we conveyed insights and inspiration through a community
management activity.

ALLITUDE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
