AN ACCELERATION PROGRAM TO TEST THE POTENTIAL OF BLOCKCHAIN

DEUTSCHE BANK

------------------------------------------------------------

An acceleration program to test the potential of blockchain

Deutsche Bank (DB) Accelerator Program explores the best blockchain business
solutions to develop strong business relationships between corporations and
promising startups. 

Analyzing the startups' projects and their potential, DB Accelerator helps them
identify how to quickly generate revenue streams, and build a long-term
strategic plan for sustained growth. 

Selected startups live and work together during 4 months, exploring
collaboration possibilities with the brand and leveraging H-FARM's network of
corporate partners and VC investors.

DEUTSCHE BANK

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

An acceleration program to test the potential of blockchain

To establish collaborations with promising and creative startups as one of the
most efficient ways to test the technology and obtain fast results.

A 4-month structured acceleration program at H-FARM's campus, where the most
promising startups got the chance to grow their business in collaboration with
Deutsche Bank and industry partners.

5 projects developed: the most promising ones had the chance to collaborate on
long-term projects with DB and receive seed funding in the form of convertible
notes.

Despite the hype around blockchain, this technology has always appeared to
companies as too expensive and too risky to dive too deep into.

The Blockchain Business Solutions Accelerator, run in cooperation with Deutsche
Bank, was launched to select the most promising startups around blockchain (not
focusing on bitcoin and cryptocurrency). 

The startups were interested in establishing strategic partnerships (pilots,
commercial agreements, and investments) with the leading bank group and its
world-class network of Corporate Partners. 

Among a pool of more than 400 projects, we helped DB team select the best 5 most
promising ventures developing solutions and business models related to
blockchain technology. 

Working together with DB, startups had the chance to test their solutions and
receive concrete feedback in a continuous learning path. 

During 4 months of acceleration program, the selected startups received: working
space and facilities, mentorship and advisory support, world-class expertise
(blockchain, marketing sales, strategy, etc), business development, and
marketing connection opportunities.

DEUTSCHE BANK

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
