AN INTERNAL COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN ON DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal communication campaign on diversity and inclusion

The client, a luxury brand, decided to concretely promote Diversity & Inclusion
issues across the company, with communication and dissemination initiatives
aimed at increasing internal awareness on the subject.Starting with the key
words and values chosen for this initiative, we defined a campaign identity,
which we then declined into a launch video and a series of physical and digital
assets.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal communication campaign on diversity and inclusion

Define the identity for an internal communication campaign on Diversity &
Inclusion issues.

A launch video to promote the campaign and a branding manual to define
guidelines and assets for internal use.

We produced a manual containing all useful campaign assets: logo, palette,
fonts, photographic and iconographic treatments and their declination on
physical and digital assets.

Our client embarked on an internal journey to spread content, values and
messages about Diversity & Inclusion, and wanted to define a campaign identity
and a teaser video to launch it.The overall objective was to enhance its people
uniqueness "in a safe workplace based on empathy and respect", promoting
diversity and inclusion and increasing people's awareness with information,
guidelines and outreach activities.We supported the client in defining a
comprehensive identity manual for the campaign, including logo, fonts, color
palette, photographic and iconographic treatments, and a series of physical and
digital assets, such as a newsletter template, a banner, posters and stickers to
be hung throughout its offices, and a launch video. We also included a dedicated
section on accessible and inclusive language guidelines and thoughts.Before the
creation of the various communication assets, we engaged the client in a remote
workshop to collect and define the main campaign directions, words, values, and
imagery together.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
