AN IMMERSIVE EXHIBITION TO TELL THE STORY OF THE FLAGSHIP PRODUCT

------------------------------------------------------------

An immersive exhibition to tell the story of the flagship product

The project involved the realisation of an immersive exhibition consisting of
five stations that were intended to narrate the development of a product that
lasted a decade. The design and production of the exhibition were carried out in
parallel with the design of the phygital communication campaign, which preceded
the exhibition.For the realisation of the exhibition, the following were
developed: 1 video timeline of 10+ metres with the intervention of 12
interviewees from all over the world, 2 soundscapes, more than 20 information
panels, a 9-metre video conclusion (ledwall) and a 22-metre plotting.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

An immersive exhibition to tell the story of the flagship product

Make the flagship drug known, make its unexpressed potential evident and build a
future vision together with all employees.

An immersive exhibition dedicated to the history of the product and aimed at all
employees, anticipated by a multi-channel communication campaign.

10 days of exhibition opening with 1200+ registrations and 850 attendees from 3
different locations, totalling hundreds of interactions with the exhibition
content and positive feedback.

The exhibition, structured in 5 stations, brings to life the key steps in the
genesis of the product, inviting the audience to join in a collective 'breath'
that comes to life through an enveloping soundscape that spans the entire
exhibition.Station 1 - the video timeline. A video story projected onto 11
metres of fabrics and panels, discovering the history of the product directly
from the words of those who have worked on it over the last 10 yearsStation 2 -
quality of life. A series of sails hanging from the ceiling into which one can
delve to discover the positive impacts that inspire the company in the pursuit
of its missionStation 3 - the hero up close. An augmented reality experience to
observe the effects of the drug on the human bodyStation 4 - the room of trust.
A dark space dedicated to the sound dimension, in which the vibrant soundscape
of deep breathing reassures and cadences the rhythm of the steps to the final
stationStation 5 - the call. At the end of the exhibition, visitors are invited
to leave their mark and take part in the Manifesto, a 22-metre-long sheet of
paper with more than 500 contributions.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
