ANALYSIS AND IDENTIFICATION OF OPPORTUNITIES FOR SERVICE MODEL DEVELOPMENT OF A
PHARMA GROUP

------------------------------------------------------------

Analysis and identification of opportunities for service model development of a
pharma group

The project's ambition was to understand the needs and pain points of the
service model introduced in 2022 through a substantial research phase involving
different types of stakeholders (pharmacists, wholesalers, pharmacy chains,
private health care entities) through qualitative interviews, focus groups, and
a survey (reached 500 respondents). The results of the research phase were
useful in understanding what needed to be changed regarding the current model
and more importantly, how to evolve the model, through new services or dynamics,
over the next two years. The results fed into the company's development plan.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Analysis and identification of opportunities for service model development of a
pharma group

The challenge was to understand the needs of stakeholders in the sales network
of all brands that are part of a well-known pharmaceutical group in order to
improve their level of service.

We identified several types of possible solutions that focused primarily on new
value propositions, new value-added services, and organizational changes in the
structure.

Since this was a research project, we did not have visibility into the
implementation, but all research insights were included in the client's
strategic plan.

The project aimed to gain an in-depth understanding of the needs and critical
issues of the service model introduced in 2022, through a structured research
phase involving key stakeholders in the industry: pharmacists, wholesalers,
pharmacy chains, and private healthcare providers. Qualitative (interviews,
focus groups) and quantitative methods (a survey with 500 respondents) were
used, with the intention of gathering a broad and multifaceted view of the
dynamics at play.The analysis made it possible to identify precisely what needed
to be improved about the existing model, but more importantly, it offered
concrete insights for charting its consistent evolution over the next two years.
The results revealed latent needs, room for innovation and new expectations,
thus providing a solid basis for defining targeted interventions.The evidence
that emerged was translated into a strategic development plan that aims to
introduce more effective services and smoother supply chain relationships,
strengthening the organization's ability to generate value for all stakeholders.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
