ASSET DIGITALIZATION WORKSHOP, AN INSPIRATIONAL EVENT FOR A LUXURY GIANT AND ITS
BRANDS

------------------------------------------------------------

Asset Digitalization Workshop, an inspirational event for a luxury giant and its
brands

A multinational corporation specialized in luxury goods needed to deepen its
understanding of asset digitalization and its various applications (AR/VR/3D)
with the aim to craft innovative immersive experiences. 

We created a 2-day format characterized by a series of inspirational talks and
interactive sessions with the participation of experts and startups. Workshop
attendants were selected teams of corporate brands.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Asset Digitalization Workshop, an inspirational event for a luxury giant and its
brands

Understand digital asset production and management from a business process
standpoint, investigate and test startup solutions, and frame priority
opportunities to act on.

A two-day inspirational event involving our client's brand representatives,
external speakers, and startups.

Participants had an immersive experience where inspirational speeches and active
discussions turned into co-design activities, with the chance to interact with
pioneer startups and experts.

The workshop alternated among moments of inspiration and action, where
participants, divided into groups, were asked to absorb core messages and turn
them into real actions according to their value chain. The value of external
best practices was priceless.

On stage: Simone Quistgaard and Ryan Sherman (Virtue), Kerry Murphy (The
Fabricant), Kosta Elchev (Brud), Laura Delgado, Andrea Cattaneo (Vertue), Simon
P. Lock (Ordre), ChunChun Wang (GRT China), Simone Cesano (Adidas), and Guido
Polcan (MAIZE) added fuel to the discussion and pushed participants'
perspectives forward.

The workshop hosted a startup exhibition, a moment of high inspiration and
networking where the startups showed the most advanced digital technologies at
the service of the user experience in the luxury industry. Invited startups: Clo
3D, Gravity Sketch, The Fabricant, Platforme, Capassity, Vertebrae, Interactive
Studio, Vertual, Pixelpool, Ordre, and GRT China.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
