AUTOMATIC COMPLAINT ANALYSIS AND IDENTIFICATION OF RESPONSE FORM IN THE TELCO
INDUSTRY

------------------------------------------------------------

Automatic Complaint analysis and identification of response form in the Telco
industry

The team in charge of handling complaints sent by customers from different
business areas in the Telco sector needed a solution that could streamline the
process of finding the response form most in line with the report.Through a PoC,
we designed and implemented a platform based on CELI.search and CELI.analytics
components that enables complaint analysis, extraction of reported issues, and
semantic search for the correct response form through queries enriched by
operator ratings.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Automatic Complaint analysis and identification of response form in the Telco
industry

A solution for automatic analysis of customer complaints, identification of key
topics, and effective search for the appropriate response form.

Design and implementation of a custom platform based on CELI.analytics and
CELI.search components in collaboration with the client's legal team.

The solution was evaluated positively by the client's legal team during review
in terms of reduced reporting handling time and ease of use.

The legal team of an Italian telecommunications company in charge of handling
customer complaints needs a solution that will make the process of analyzing and
returning the response more effective. Moreover, the nature of the reports is
heterogeneous: complaints are addressed to different business segments and may
concern a single or varied case, in residual cases.Given the complexity of the
problem, we proposed through a POC a solution based on components of
CELI.analytics and CELI.search. More specifically, we designed and developed a
platform that is able in a first stage to automatically extract from the text of
complaints the reported topics, useful for operators to identify the nature of
the complaint. Then, it is possible to search the response template through
enriched queries based on a combination of filters (the business segment, the
type of complaint, the foundation) and free text evaluations. The system thus
returns response forms sorted according to a descending score. For one of the
commercial areas, as a demonstration, it is also possible to fill in the form
with data pertaining to the specific case.The customer has positively evaluated
the solution in terms of overall UX and reduced management time.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
