AUTOMATED COMPLIANCE ANALYSIS OF VOCAL ORDERS IN THE TELCO INDUSTRY

------------------------------------------------------------

Automated compliance analysis of Vocal Orders in the Telco industry

Vocal Orders (VOs) are distance contracts made by telephone, in which all
normative references related to commercial offer descriptions (scripts) are
collected. While the latter are usually correct and unvarying, the former need
granular and time-consuming verification.The legal team of an Italian company in
the telecommunications industry asked us for a tool to verify the compliance of
Vocal Orders and scripts quickly and effectively. Through a PoC, we proposed an
ad hoc solution based on customized CELI.search components.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Automated compliance analysis of Vocal Orders in the Telco industry

A tool to facilitate the verification of compliance of regulatory references of
Vocal Orders and commercial offer descriptions.

A custom interface based on technologies natively adopted in CELI.search (Apache
Solr, Google BERT) fine-tuned with respect to the specific customer use case.

Proposal of KPIs for measuring the effectiveness of the solution:

reduction of compliance verification time

reduction of audit backlog

reduction of risks related to VO compliance

The legal team of an Italian company in the telecommunications industry needs
Vocal Orders, distance contracts made by telephone, containing regulatory
references and descriptions of commercial offerings (the scripts), to be
compliant with current regulations at all times. The documents are often verbose
and the verification process is subsequently complex and time consuming.To make
verification easier and more effective, the client asked us for a solution that
could perform the checks automatically, so that high-level checks would be left
to the human operator. We proposed the implementation of a verification
interface based on technologies (Apache Solr and Google BERT) already adopted in
CELI.search, but configured ad hoc for the use case in question. Through the
back office of the interface it is possible to configure in a simple and
intuitive way the domains and verifications on which the analysis should focus;
after the run of the analysis it is possible to monitor the results, which are
exposed to the user through compliance scores and human readable graphs.We also
proposed to the client KPIs through which to measure the effectiveness of the
tool in a subsequent testing phase.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
