BUILDING ITA EXPRESS B2B ONLINE STRATEGY

ITA AGENCY

------------------------------------------------------------

Building ITA Express B2B online strategy

ITA Agency is one of the leading Italian companies for Tobacco products, smoking
accessories, and related services.

The company asked us to support them in a digital transformation process,
focusing on an online sales strategy that would help them to manage more
efficiently tobacco shops and wholesalers, without affecting the relationship
with territorial sales agents.

We defined a new commercial proposition on the online channel, designed and
developed a B2B e-commerce platform, and supported the client with visual
merchandising and communication activities.

ITA AGENCY

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Building ITA Express B2B online strategy

Evolve the traditional commercial proposition capacity (sales network) by
exploiting the digital potential of online sales channels.

Focus on an e-commerce path that takes into account the specificities of the
existing commercial and distribution model while supporting its evolution.

The first "full digital" order placement project in ITA Agency that brought
value to B2B clients with a smarter, more functional approach to digital
consumption trends.

The project focused on the definition of a strategy and a new commercial
proposition, mapping the current model and designing a solution that would allow
ITA Agency to launch the online order placement channel, without affecting the
relationship with its sales and distributors. The project was divided into 4
steps: 1. Definition of the business, functional, technical requirements, and
the new digital identity. 2. UX/UI and visual design, in tandem with the Digital
Marketing division, which was responsible for the setup and SEO and Analytics
optimization of the platform. 3. Import of the product catalogue, implementation
of the product visibility/discount rules, depending on the customer's tier. 4.
Development, testing and release of the e-commerce platform based on Magento.

We also supported ITA Agency in the first production of graphic assets to
support the launch and key promotional initiatives of the platform (banners,
newsletters, etc.)

ITA AGENCY

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
