BUSINESS CASE FOR THE OPENING OF AN E-COMMERCE FOR A BOUTIQUE OF LUXURY GOODS

------------------------------------------------------------

Business case for the opening of an e-commerce for a boutique of luxury goods

The luxury watch market is going through a period of great transformation, where
major brands are increasingly accelerating their direct-to-consumer strategy,
and consumers are becoming more and more accustomed to interaction on digital
touchpoints. In this context, a leading retailer in Italy and Europe asked us
for support to help it evaluate the opportunity of opening an e-commerce. The
work was carried out considering the problem from all different points of view,
starting with market sizing, then moving on to technological and organizational
feasibility and finally bringing everything together in a five-year business
case.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Business case for the opening of an e-commerce for a boutique of luxury goods

Understand the costs, potential revenues and five-year impact of opening an
e-commerce in order to make a go-no go decision on the project.

We worked side by side the client's key stakeholders on the marketing, sales,
operations and technology side to create a plan that was as tailor-made as
possible.

The output of the work was a dynamic excel model in which the customer can
change certain inputs (such as average investment, average cart etc) and
simulate return and break even point scenarios.

To help the client understand the potential of opening an e-commerce, we built a
five-year business case by working in parallel on these fronts and
topics:Context understanding: 

Market sizing: through a bottom-up analysis (starting from Jakala's proprietary
database on the Italian population) and a top-down analysis (starting from
industry reports)

Competition analysis and digital positioning: Study of the online e-commerce
landscape with traffic analysis, keyword research and SEO positioning

Commercial agreements with brands: Understanding commercial dynamics to
understand the constraints within which one can move

Digital marketing planning:

Analysis of channels with greatest potential

Study reference metrics for scenario simulation (CPC, CTR)

Organisational analysis:

Process analysis 

Skills analysis

Technology strategy:

Understanding current technology stack

Evaluation of changes and sizing for e-commerce launch

The output of the project was a dynamic business case, where the customer can
evaluate different investment scenarios.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
