CHANGE MANAGEMENT AND TRAINING SUPPORTING A DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION PROGRAM

------------------------------------------------------------

Change management and training supporting a digital transformation program

The company with which we started the project in mid-2024 is embarking on an
ambitious journey to innovate its systems (CRM, B2C website and Salesforce) in
order to simplify and speed up processes by making room for new technologies in
a smooth and integrated way. A multifaceted change affecting all markets and the
organisation as a whole, with the aim of providing an omnichannel experience to
its customers and employees. We designed and coordinated a change management
plan to help people acquire new awareness and adopt new tools.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Change management and training supporting a digital transformation program

Design a change management plan that ensures coordination, communication and
training of the various system integrators leading the digital transformation
process.

A shared and continually updated change management plan enables the
identification of objectives and training needs, and co-ordinates the
preparation and delivery of training to meet them.

The teams directly and indirectly involved in the transformation have received
(and are receiving) training that is supplemented and updated based on their
feedback and needs.

The project (which is still ongoing) is structured around these main activities,
which we carry out iteratively to ensure that needs are met and that change is
supported throughout:

Mapping: moments of discussion and analysis with the business and with each of
the system integrators to identify the key moments of the development plan, the
targets to be formed and their needs, and the key messages to be conveyed
through communication;

Co-design of the change plan: weekly co-design sessions to systematise, update
and validate the information gathered with the various stakeholders. The plan
includes sprints, tests, training sessions for each objective and the overall
communication PED;

Material production: production of content to support Jakala's Salesforce stream
(manuals, e-learning, videos, etc.) and production of communication assets for
the general population (newsletters and videos) and for vertical communication
to support the training of each of the three streams;

Implementation: execution of the editorial plan, coordination and monitoring of
planned training sessions, continuous integration according to emerging needs as
the stream progresses.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
