COLLEGA-MENTI, A REMOTE IDEA ACCELERATOR

GENERALI

------------------------------------------------------------

Collega-menti, a remote idea accelerator

One year after the start of Pandemic Covid-19, Generali felt the need to
emphasize the team spirit of the Property and Casualty department and stimulate
its collaborators that have been deprived of the social dynamics typical of the
working environment.

In order to answer Generali's need, we organized Collega-menti, a remote idea
accelerator that aimed to recharge collaborators' energies and to identify new
opportunities. 

During the event, the 140 participants challenged each other on 5 business
briefs and discussed together on remote collaboration.

GENERALI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Collega-menti, a remote idea accelerator

Collega-menti aims to increase the engagement of all the collaborators in order
to "recharge their batteries" and trigger innovation dynamics in the P&C
department.

Remote idea accelerator program that consisted of a half-day challenge launch, 2
days of group work, and a half-day final celebration.

Participants produced over 180 ideas, 25 of which were developed in detail, and
5 were awarded as winners. Finally, participants compiled a list of best
practices for working effectively remotely.

Collega-menti is a remote idea accelerator that responds to Generali's need to
boost the motivation of its employees of the Property and Casualty department.

The 140 participants were divided into 25 teams to respond to the 5 business
challenges identified by Generali. 

Each team worked for two days to develop its idea with the support of content
specialists (Sponsor, Angel, Advisory Desk) and Design Thinking experts (Mentor
MAIZE and Generali Facilitator). 

Each group delivered a PPT presentation of their solution and a "creative
format" (ex. videos, podcasts, prototypes, etc..) to explain the idea in depth.

During a Connection activity, participants discussed the meaning of the word
"energy" with the aim of drawing up a list of best practices and good habits to
effectively work remotely. 

Then, the final 25 ideas have been evaluated asynchronously by a jury according
to parameters such as brief pertinency, creativity, concreteness, and
scalability. Finally, during the final celebration event, the 5 winning ideas
were awarded. 

Collega-menti has been entirely delivered through Microsoft Teams where we
created different channels dedicated to the different activities.

GENERALI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
