CONVERSATIONAL AGENT FOR CREDIT CARD APPLICATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Conversational agent for credit card application

The client wants to enable users whose records it already has to sign up for a
new credit card easily and dynamically. Instead of the online-form standard
experience, the client wants to provide its users with a conversational
experience: converse in a natural way and obtain the card. The system—an RPA
bot—then goes on to write the collected information directly into the official
form page. The biggest advantage is the elimination of large drop-down menus in
exchange for the user being able to express directly the option they are
interested in.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Conversational agent for credit card application

A chatbot that conversationally helps an already known user fill out a credit
card application form

The chatbot collects information via dialogue and fills in the form on behalf
the user

The system has been released into production and is being tested by a group of
selected users

The goal is to create a system that allows people who are already customers to
apply for a new credit card without having to go all the way through the
subscription form (which is complicated, hence the nickname “snake”). The
solution consists in a chatbot hosted on an ad hoc page with controlled access
(in fact, the system must be tested by selected users). The chatbot is not
integrated with the client's systems—who preferred not to involve IT—but instead
writes on the online form simulating the input of the collected information as
if it were an end user.The chatbot collects all the information requested by the
form, and reads the information already in the system. The biggest advantage is
that it allows the user to skip some of the “snake” steps thanks to natural
language interpretation: e.g., in the form, users have to navigate numerous
drop-down menus to select his profession; in the chatbot, they can just to write
“I'm a hairdresser”, and the chatbot selects the correct option autonomously.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
