COPILOT FOR CALL CENTER SUPPORT IN THE ENERGY SECTOR

------------------------------------------------------------

Copilot for call center support in the Energy sector

The customer has a large knowledge base consisting of technical documents,
procedures, and business directions, but its internal call center fails to
leverage it effectively. We have developed on POC's perimeter a copilot based on
a generative engine with a RAG approach that allows operators to query this
knowledge base quickly and easily, obtaining concise and precise answers in line
with user requests.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Copilot for call center support in the Energy sector

An Italian Energy provider needs to have its call center easily query a large
knowledge base, getting accurate answers to respond to end-customer inquiries.

A copilot powered by a generative engine, capable of extracting synthetic
answers from the corporate knowledge base effectively.

The project has improved the efficiency of the call center, reducing response
times and improving the quality of assistance provided to users.

A major company in the energy sector has a vast amount of technical and business
documents, but its call center is unable to make full use of this information
because of the difficulty in interpreting the data during day-to-day service
operations. The company therefore asked us for a solution that would simplify
access to information and enable operators to get quick and accurate answers to
questions posed by customers. We therefore designed a copilot with a RAG
approach that draws from the corporate knowledge base (KB) and provides concise
and contextualized answers. The generative engine was configured to interpret
operator questions and to extract and synthesize information from various
documents in a manner consistent with the query.The project was developed in
several phases: analysis, collection and pre-processing of all technical and
business documentation in the company. Design and implementation of the
generative engine, with integration of the SOTA LLM best suited to the use case
for response processing. Iteration with operators to improve the accuracy of
responses and refine the engine's synthesis capability. The result was a system
that greatly simplified the workflow of call center operators, reducing response
times and increasing customer satisfaction through more accurate and faster
responses.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
