DEFINING THE NEW GLOBAL CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT PLAN

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining the new Global Customer Engagement Plan

Following the launch of its new reorganisation, a well-known pharmaceutical
company developed the need to rethink its customer engagement plan (GP's,
specialists and pharmacists) with an omnichannel, agile and customer centric
approach in order to evolve from the current F2F-focused model to a general
shift of the customer base towards new digital behaviours.The ultimate goal is
to design a new customer engagement framework and define the activation plan to
make it tangible, implementable and shareable not only by the Global but also by
all the Brand's Local markets.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining the new Global Customer Engagement Plan

Define a new customer engagement model to enhance the reputation of the Group
and its brands, increase performance and offer a distinctive engagement
experience.

A new, consistent, continuous and iterative customer engagement process that
starts by listening to customers to plan engagement initiatives and measure
their effectiveness.

Promote a new mindset through a programme that directly involves the leadership
team and its key stakeholders in imagining a new paradigm of relationship with
its customers.

Through internal interviews with the Global team, market surveys, focus groups
with the different Countries and a trend landscape research, we delved into the
present and desired engagement models, channels, formats and MOTMs (moments that
matter) to identify new opportunities and challenges for the engagement
plan.Through co-design sessions we defined Global principles and guidelines for
Customer journeys and then differentiated high-level CJs according to Countries'
needs through a joint testing phase with markets until a detailed design was
reached.We then developed the Customer Engagement Plan, a framework that gives
an overall view of all branded, unbranded and multibranded engagement
initiatives planned for the year for each type of customer (PH, GP, Specialist)
creating a unified engagement model.The last project phase involved the
translation of the methodology into a Playbook, a complete and practical guide
available to countries with step-by-step instructions, a library of over 30 CJs,
a glossary and a governance and measurement model, for the declination of the
framework and the development of their own engagement strategies.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
