DEFINING VGI'S 2025 STRATEGY AND IDENTIKIT

VOLKSWAGEN GROUP ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining VGI's 2025 Strategy and Identikit

Volkswagen Group Italia is the Italian subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group and
distributor of Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, ŠKODA motor vehicles and Volkswagen
commercial vehicles.

The company asked us to organize a vision and strategy workshop followed by a
H-ACK for its managers, and other initiatives (some of them still ongoing): eg.
a Design Thinking Academy for its talent, and a Rocket program to develop the
H-ACK's winning idea.

VOLKSWAGEN GROUP ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Transportation and Mobility • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining VGI's 2025 Strategy and Identikit

Support VGI in consolidating its strategic direction and defining a concrete
action plan for the Italian context in line with its global Together Strategy
2025.

A Garage for the top management to consolidate the 2025 Group Strategy and
define a concrete action plan for VGI. A H-ACK for management to address the
company's future challenges.

Garage: an identikit that represented useful indicators to evaluate the
Company's evolution in the coming years (2025). H-ACK: lots of ideas regarding
new mobility services, reputation, and mindsets.

The Garage's objective was to understand elements of the Together Strategy 2025
and the relevance of global trends in the Italian context. In particular, the
aim was to imagine the evolution of the dealers’ role, new formats and sales
channels, new mobility services in the Italian market, and to identify
opportunities connected to these transformations. Another objective was to
identify new profiles and skills to be integrated within the organization,
analyze VGI's current structure, highlight any critical issues and limitations,
and imagine possible evolutions of the internal structure to optimally support
the new sales model.

In a second phase, VGI managers were involved in an internal H-ACK with the aim
of generating new ideas for the company. The challenges concerned new mobility
services, the implementation of a new reputation strategy to create a new sense
of belonging and to attract new talent, and a corporate mindset that could
develop and spread a new culture (risk approach, level the silos, failure
culture).

After the H-ACK, VGI asked us to organize a Design Thinking Academy to inspire
their talent with a new working methodology.

VOLKSWAGEN GROUP ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Transportation and Mobility • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
