DEP, ELECTRONIC DICTIONARY OF PIEDMONTESE

FONDAZIONE ENRICO EANDI

------------------------------------------------------------

DEP, Electronic Dictionary of Piedmontese

The Enrico Eandi Foundation (formerly Savej - Piedmontese Cultural Foundation)
was born in 2009 from the passion of Enrico Eandi for the Piedmontese language
and culture.

Over the years of activity, the foundation has carried out various projects,
including the Piemunteis.it portal aimed at collecting materials, applications,
and studies concerning the Piedmontese language.

In this context, we were tasked with the modernization of the old Dictionary
(DEP). We created a new backend to manage contents effortlessly and provided
different tools to search the Dictionary and monitor its usage.

FONDAZIONE ENRICO EANDI

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

DEP, Electronic Dictionary of Piedmontese

Create the new DEP backend to operate upon words, phrases, idioms, audio
recordings in a bi-lingual environment.

A standalone, authenticated webapp integrated with a Lucene-based research
engine to query the content, organized in a PostgreSQL Database, plus API to
integrate the service in the frontend part.

All the components of the new DEP have been deployed. The new dictionary
functionalities are accessible to the general public through the frontend
developed by the client using our APIs.

A unique achievement in the panorama of Italian regional languages, the DEP is
an online vocabulary that makes the Piedmontese linguistic heritage available
with over 690,000 inflected forms attributable to 22,000 words (with the
conjugation of all verbs and related pronominal forms) and over 20,000 phrases
in Piedmontese language with the relative translation into Italian. The lexical
heritage contained in the DEP was also used as a basis for the integration of
the Piedmontese language into the Microsoft SwiftKey intelligent keyboard for
Android and iOS systems.

The first phase of the project consists of the migration of data present in the
current DEP storage to the new DEP database (also developed by us in 2011). We
developed new REST APIs for searching and viewing the details of the dictionary
content, as well as provided support for the integration in the Frontend. The
second phase includes the creation of a Backend (accessible via authentication)
that allows the client to independently enter, search, update and delete all the
information contained in the DEP. The system will provide support for the
insertion of new words, proposing the automatic expansion of conjugations and
pronominal forms of verbs, then allowing the user to intervene manually to
manage any exceptions. The final phase exposes the services used by the new DEP
via REST API to the Frontend so that they can be easily integrated into external
applications.

FONDAZIONE ENRICO EANDI

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
