DESIGN THINKING TRAINING

------------------------------------------------------------

Design thinking training

An international pharmaceutical company asked for our support to train the
internal team responsible for the study of patient journeys on the use of design
thinking methodology.The main objective was to make the participants learn the
theoretical concepts through application on a real case, thus facilitating their
understanding and implementation of the strategies in their daily lives. We
responded through a three-stage training course, the first of which was an in-
person session, interspersed with periodic checks on the assigned tasks to
support learning.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Design thinking training

Learn and deepen the Design Thinking methodology in order to understand it,
adopt it on real use cases and put it into practice during daily team work
activities.

An application of Design Thinking, through a series of workshops and
checkpoints, during which to learn and test methodology and tools on a real use
case.

1 workshop of 1 day in presence, 2 workshops of 3 hours online. Template and
Playbook with feedback on the experience and methodology applied.

The project consists of 3 main phases:USE CASE DEFINITION:In the kick-off phase,
together with the client's core team, we selected the project case to apply
Design Thinking.WORKSHOP AND CHECK POINT:We delivered one in-person workshop of
6 hours and two remote workshops of 2 hours each, through theory moments
alternated with practical application moments to consolidate the understanding
of Design Thinking.After each workshop, we organised checkpoints for
clarification and analysis of the activities that the participants had to carry
out independently between sessions.RETURN:We concluded with the presentation of
the results and the handing over of a Playbook as a guide for future activities,
in which we summarised the path, templates and key concepts.Continuous
discussion and dialogue with the participants were the main principles with
which we designed the experience.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
