DESIGN & PROTOTYPING OF NETWORK STRATEGY TEAM'S USE CASES

------------------------------------------------------------

Design & prototyping of Network Strategy Team's use cases

The client, a leading telecommunications provider, requested support in
translating high-level use cases into interactive digital prototypes for
internal testing with the aim of building a tool that allows the Network
Strategy Team making strategic decisions basing on data.The proposed solution
included the design and development of prototypes with a particular focus on
data visualization and user experience, with iterations based on internal
feedback to optimize effectiveness.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

Design & prototyping of Network Strategy Team's use cases

Support the client in translating hight-level use cases into digital prototypes.
These prototypes will be used to assess internally the user experiences and
gather insights for potential improvements.

Design and development of interactive prototypes using Figma, focusing on user
experience, and data visualization, iterating based on internal feedback.

Creation of high-fidelity prototypes that improved interaction and understanding
of internal use cases, ensuring an optimized user experience for stakeholders.

The project started with the goal of translating complex use cases into high-
fidelity digital prototypes, used internally to assess the user experience and
gather insights for improvement.The team collaborated with internal stakeholders
from the Network Strategy Team to analyze and structure the use cases and select
the 3 ones to be prototyped.The process involved several phases, starting with
defining the functional requirements for each use case, followed by the creation
of wireframes and interactive prototypes in Figma, adhering to accessibility and
usability principles. After sharing the prototypes with stakeholders, feedback
was collected and changes were made, continuously improving the quality of the
solutions.The iterative approach ensured continuous optimization of the user
experience, with a strong focus on user testing to further refine the flows and
functionalities.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
