DESIGNING A DIGITAL PRODUCT FOR EDUCATION – HUB SCUOLA

MONDADORI EDUCATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Designing a digital product for education – HUB Scuola

HUB Scuola is a digital ecosystem for school from publishing group Mondadori
Education where users can find digital content for their textbooks and a series
of tools designed to address the needs of teachers and students.With the
addition of DeaScuola to the group, our client needed to make their own digital
offerings come together and coexist; seizing this opportunity, they asked us for
a complete redesign of HUB Scuola that would address the needs of teachers,
students and all the publishers involved, paying particular attention to the
aspect of digital accessibility.

MONDADORI EDUCATION

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Education, Publishing • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Designing a digital product for education – HUB Scuola

The challenge was to completely redesign HUB Scuola, the digital platform for
school from the publishing group Mondadori Education, especially after their
acquisition of publisher DeaScuola.

We proposed a significant redesign, one that would not disrupt the experience of
the previous HUB Scuola, but that would give it a leap forward in terms of
usability and overall quality.

The project involved three major publishers with an estimated 3 million users.
It went online in September 2024, one year after its inception.

We started by doing some design research as we interviewed teachers, school
managers, students and parents, with the goal of outlining the needs of all of
our targets. The teachers' customer journey was mapped more thoroughly in order
to capture their "lifecycle", from prospects to adopters.We then revisited the
brand image of HUB Scuola; we didn't overhaul it, but we have rather reinforced
its visual identity thanks to more vibrant, digital colours and a playful,
recognisable and highly readable typographical duo. It was decided to enrich the
appearance of some areas with custom-made, hand-drawn illustrations.The third
phase saw the UX/UI design of all the sections of HUB Scuola (including the
newest Aree docenti) and its user flows, for example the merging of accounts for
those who had both (Mondadori Education and DeaScuola), the navigation of
digital content contextual to the browsing of textbooks, and the preparation and
simulation of tests and examinations. We also produced a design system
containing the visual and design foundations, the icon and pictogram systems,
the component library, and the style guidelines.Finally, we also developed the
foundations of the frontend, before handing them over to the client as they
completed the development.

MONDADORI EDUCATION

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Education, Publishing • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
