DEVELOPMENT OF THE BRAND PLATFORM FOR A LUXURY BRAND WITHIN A GROUP STRATEGY

HARD LUXURY

------------------------------------------------------------

Development of the Brand Platform for a Luxury Brand within a Group Strategy

What is a Brand Platform? How does developing a Communication Ecosystem differ
from a traditional communication strategy?Building a Brand Platform—in parallel
with defining group-level positioning strategies—means identifying and
developing the brand’s identity elements, drawing from the past and present, to
design a distinctive future vision of the brand consistent with the group’s
objectives.

HARD LUXURY

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Development of the Brand Platform for a Luxury Brand within a Group Strategy

How can we transfer the new strategic objectives at all levels of the company,
ensuring a change in image and communication consistent with the new strategic
positioning?

Development of an ecosystem of content, guidelines, and tools to promote the
dissemination of a new Brand Image within and outside the company.

Orchestrate communication actions through sharing a common framework; ensure
consistency of the image across different channels.

A Brand Platform defines a series of fundamental elements for the communication
and positioning of a brand and for the development of its Brand Identity. The
contents of a Brand Platform are by nature:

"Immutable" and a reference for developing channel assets and marketing
strategies;

All-encompassing concerning all aspects defining communication: form, content,
image, strategy;

A bridge between communication actions and business strategies, ensuring
consistency in messages and image.

The Brand Platform meets all communication and marketing needs, representing a
tool for adopting Brand Identity. Formalizing the contents in a Brand Platform
is an opportunity to translate the highest positioning elements into a series of
guidelines, messages, manifestos, and tangible actions supporting communication
in different markets: from defining the “brand character” to developing imagery,
from defining the “Tone of Voice” to “Style&Styling” guidelines, and
diversifying product storytelling.

HARD LUXURY

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
