"DIG INN!" CAMPAIGN TO PROMOTE A CULTURE OF KNOWLEDGE AND SOCIAL SUPPORT

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

"DIG INN!" campaign to promote a culture of knowledge and social support

The "DIG INN!" campaign aimed to encourage training and awareness on the culture
of quality journalism. An internal competition was created at MAIZE, based on
the e-learning platform MAIZE.plus, which combined participation in online
courses with a social cause: a donation to a cultural association dedicated to
investigative journalism.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

"DIG INN!" campaign to promote a culture of knowledge and social support

Promote a culture of quality journalism and encourage continuous learning while
supporting an important social cause.

Creation of an internal competition based on accumulating points through the
completion of online courses, with the final goal being a donation to a cause
related to investigative journalism.

Significant employee engagement, with an increase in awareness of quality
journalism and a donation that supported the DIG association, which promotes
investigative journalism.

The "DIG INN!" campaign, created and launched at MAIZE, stimulated competition
through the completion of training courses on the maize.PLUS platform. Each team
(disciplinary community) accumulated points by completing courses, streams, or
earning certifications. At the end of the campaign, the points accumulated were
converted into a donation to DIG, a cultural association promoting quality
journalism. The project aimed to raise awareness among employees about
investigative journalism while also encouraging continuous learning. The
competition was made even more engaging with the involvement of corporate
communities, with prizes awarded to the community that accumulated the most
points. The campaign concluded with a significant impact on the development of a
corporate culture focused on supporting social initiatives and enhancing
internal knowledge.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
