DIY CLUB, A NEW ONLINE PORTAL DESIGNED BY PROTOTYPING AND TESTING

------------------------------------------------------------

DIY CLUB, a new online portal designed by prototyping and testing

At the beginning of 2022, we helped a big FMCG client -mainly selling B2B2C-
identify innovative ways to get closer to its customers doing DIY projects, and
support them along the whole journey, from awareness to after-sales. The project
consisted of 2 main steps:1. BUSINESS MODEL DESIGN - desk research (competition,
landscape) and preliminary business case creation to support build VS buy
decision; 2. MARKET VALIDATION - prototype creation (landing page) and testing
through a media campaign.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

DIY CLUB, a new online portal designed by prototyping and testing

Identify new solutions to get closer to DIY customers by providing constant
guidance and support, from product identification to after-sales.

Design of a new business model (DIY CLUB) supported by market test results,
business case and Pilot implementation roadmap.

In the end, all the hypotheses were validated and all KPI targets were met and
exceeded, except for the general CTR on ads, which also took into account the
least performing channel (Google).

During the first step (BUSINESS MODEL DESIGN) we defined that the DIY CLUB are
simple, actionable online content formats such as training and upskilling videos
and how-to guides to support DIYers with their projects. Nevertheless, we were
missing some fundamental information, such as customers' interest in specific
features and formats, and the real business viability to launch the solution for
our FMCG client. The second step (MARKET VALIDATION) aimed to understand user
desirability and business viability of DIY CLUB in order to take a go / non-go
decision on building the Pilot. More specifically, we defined specific key
hypotheses, KPIs and threshold system in order to have a go/ non-go market-
validated decision. We run a month-long media campaign in the Italian market
directing DIY users on digital prototypes with DIY CLUB key features using the
client brand. During the campaign, we collected and analyzed the data required
to populate our KPIs.The test got very positive results and we ended the project
providing an updated version of the business case and a roadmap to create and
launch the pilot version of the DIY CLUB.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
