ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR A FASHION BRAND

------------------------------------------------------------

Environmental and Social Sustainability Report for a fashion brand

For a well-known brand belonging to one of the most important fashion groups in
the world, we have created two reports about the sustainability topic, treated
from an environmental and social point of view.The main need was to translate
technical and data-based information in a visually appealing way and make it
usable.The approach materialized through a precise use of data visualization
accompanied by a series of visual materials created ad hoc and consistent with
the brand's identity.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Environmental and Social Sustainability Report for a fashion brand

To realize the two sustainability reports, creating two appealing documents
consistent with the brand's identity where the data is accessible and easily
readable.

A coherent layout for the two reports, each with its own identity given by the
use of color and a series of ad hoc visual materials to accompany the data
visualisations.

The two reports on environmental and social sustainability in interactive pdf
format, fitted in a layout and translated into Italian and English.

To achieve the objective set, the initial phase was dedicated to understanding
the raw content shared by the client, proceeding with a careful analysis in
order to identify the elements that could have been treated visually, in
parallel starting to work on the structure of the document. To obtain a coherent
structure it was decided to use a simple 12-column grid based on the single
page, providing for a variable use of the columns according to the type and
quantity of material to be included in the various chapters.The structure of the
document has been maintained, however, improving its hierarchy and use by
inserting coherent and easy to identify navigation elements. In this regard, the
use of color was a decisive element: each report provides for the use of a main
color supported by a small secondary palette used for some specific elements of
the layout. In both cases the colors are derived from the brand's main palette.A
large part of the work went into creating the data visualizations and art
direction for the visual materials used in the two reports. The collaboration
with the illustrator Giordano Poloni il particularly relevant for the  creation
of the introductory tables of each chapter and the covers of the two documents.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
