EXPLORING THE EVOLUTION OF THE LOYALTY PROGRAM THROUGH AN INNOVATIVE LENS

------------------------------------------------------------

Exploring the evolution of the loyalty program through an innovative lens

The project included extensive research activities and a co-design session with
the client to define strategic priorities based on the insights gathered.
Specifically, the research covered:

TRANSFORMATION DRIVERS IN THE GDO SECTOR

GDO CONSUMER TRENDS: TODAY AND TOMORROW

NEW LOYALTY MODELS

SHORT ACTIVITIES BENCHMARK

LOYALTY BENCHMARK – GDO, PET & PHARMA SECTORS AND KEY PARTNERSHIPS

Following the research phase, the team supported the client in identifying the
strategic priorities of the loyalty program through a dedicated co-design
session.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

Exploring the evolution of the loyalty program through an innovative lens

Analysis of the evolving context of the GDO, identifying the key external macro-
factors that will impact the industry, new consumer trends, and emerging best
practices in the loyalty space.

Definition of strategic priorities in the loyalty space, laying the groundwork
for the program’s future evolution (e.g., tiered systems, digital-first focus,
beyond-the-core services).

The project laid the foundation for the future evolution of the loyalty program
by engaging key stakeholders and supporting them in identifying growth
opportunities.

The research involved an in-depth study of:

TRANSFORMATION DRIVERS IN THE GDO SECTOR – Analysis of market signals and
drivers of change, with a focus on technological innovation and trends shaped by
economic, political, social, and cultural factors.

GDO CONSUMER TRENDS: TODAY AND TOMORROW – Exploration of emerging trends related
to consumers’ needs, expectations (often latent), and future outlooks across
products, services, and experiences.

NEW LOYALTY MODELS – Investigation of innovative loyalty models adopted by
competitors and comparable players in adjacent industries (such as insurance,
beauty, pet care, and para-pharmacy), both in Italy and internationally.

SHORT ACTIVITIES BENCHMARK – Creation and analysis of a benchmark of short
collection initiatives in the national GDO landscape, highlighting potential
synergies and differences with the client’s ecosystem.

LOYALTY BENCHMARK – GDO, PET & PHARMA SECTORS AND KEY PARTNERSHIPS – Review of
loyalty programs from major players in the Italian GDO, Pharma, and Pet sectors,
along with an analysis of their strategic partnerships.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
