EXTERNAL COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN PRE, DURING, AND POST REDESIGN LAUNCH OF HUB
SCUOLA PLATFORM

MONDADORI EDUCATION, RIZZOLI EDUCATION E DEASCUOLA

------------------------------------------------------------

External communication campaign pre, during, and post redesign launch of HUB
Scuola platform

On the occasion of the redesign launch of the HUB Scuola educational platform,
Mondadori Education, Rizzoli Education, and Deascuola developed a structured
communication campaign to guide teachers and students in rediscovering the new
features of the platform throughout all launch phases: pre-launch, launch, and
post-launch. The campaign aimed to create an educational community, addressing
the needs of teachers, reassuring them about the redesign, and facilitating the
platform's adoption.

MONDADORI EDUCATION, RIZZOLI EDUCATION E DEASCUOLA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Education, Publishing • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

External communication campaign pre, during, and post redesign launch of HUB
Scuola platform

Engage teachers and students in rediscovering and adopting the renewed platform,
addressing concerns about the redesign, promoting adoption, and expanding the
user base, while creating a community.

Development of a modular and continuous campaign, with videos, newsletters,
landing page, and social media to support the launch of the HUB Scuola redesign
and create an active dialogue with teachers.

Greater teacher engagement and positioning of HUB Scuola, strengthening its
adoption in schools and addressing concerns about the redesign, creating a solid
and engaged community.

For the launch of the redesigned HUB Scuola platform, we designed a
communication campaign divided into three main phases: pre-launch, launch, and
post-launch. During the PRE-LAUNCH phase, asset were created to inspire and
listen to teachers: "Lettera H," a series of 5 newsletters conceived to inform,
guide, and stimulate curiosity; a landing page that was dynamically updated
during the pre-launch period to provide constantly updated information and serve
as a reliable reference point for teachers; graphic assets on publishers'
websites and materials such as the double-page ad inside printed books. This
phase aimed to address teachers' insecurities, gather feedback, and provide
reassurance about using the new tool.During the official LAUNCH, the focus was
on engagement and adoption of HUB Scuola, guiding the target audience in
rediscovering its new features through: a motion graphic launch video to present
the redesigned platform and welcome new users; the continuation of the "Lettera
H" newsletter to guide teachers; the landing page evolving into a mini-site rich
in resources and information to facilitate the adoption and use of the platform;
posts on the social channels of the three publishers (particularly Instagram),
which accompanied this phase, stimulating interaction and showcasing the
functionalities and potential of HUB Scuola.

MONDADORI EDUCATION, RIZZOLI EDUCATION E DEASCUOLA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Education, Publishing • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
