FENDI'S MILLENNIAL VOICE TAKES ACTION

FENDI

------------------------------------------------------------

FENDI's millennial voice takes action

FENDI is an Italian luxury fashion house part of LVMH producing fur, ready-to-
wear, leather goods, shoes, fragrances, eyewear, timepieces, and accessories.

We kicked off with a dedicated workshop to define the challenges participants
would have addressed during the H-ACK.

The actual H-ACK took place in Rome, involving FENDI's employees, mostly
millennial, facilitated by our mentors and other internal FENDI challenge owners
that are experts in their fields. 

The objective was to generate innovative ideas to respond to the predefined
challenges.

FENDI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

FENDI's millennial voice takes action

FENDI contacted us to organize a H-ACK for its millennial employees.

A challenge definition Garage, an internal questionnaire to help define the top
managers' vision of the brand and a H-ACK for millennial employees.

Key words, values and thoughts on leadership emerged from the questionnaire.
These results were the starting point for the definition of the H-ACK
challenges, which involved 100 millennial employees.

The first step of the project was a Garage with the company's top managers to
select the most relevant challenges to formulate the H-ACK briefs, starting from
the priority areas identified from a digital questionnaire. The questionnaire
asked the top managers questions such as: "To me, FENDI stands for ...," "What,
in your opinion, are the values of FENDI today?", "What other values do you
think FENDI will need to succeed in the future?," "What companies inspire you or
do you consider most innovative today?," and "What is the role of leadership in
this moment of transformation?." The H-ACK briefs were generated starting from
these topics and issues: "What are the most urgent challenges FENDI is facing at
the moment?," "How relevant do you consider topics such as craftsmanship,
talents, and new generations to the future of FENDI?" Starting with an
inspirational session, the workshop defined three challenges for the H-ACK:
People development and career fluidity (internal), storytelling and brand
experiences connected to retail, and sustainability.

H-ACK FENDI in Rome involved 100 millennial employees from all over the world
who applied to an internal call to action. The three challenges produced many
innovative ideas and immediately after the event the company started evaluating
the development of the three winning ideas. We managed the event's communication
(newsletters, photos, videos) and organization.

FENDI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
