FORMULA, OUR PODCAST ABOUT ORGANIZATIONS

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

FORMULA, our podcast about organizations

We have always worked closely with organisations, learning about their
uniqueness, the unique formula that allows them to function at their best. At
MAIZE, we believe that organizations are ecosystems: there are no two alike, but
there are elements that, when combined, produce a different and unique result
every time. FORMULA is MAIZE’s podcast that explores companies and how they are
structured. Searching for similarities and differences, sources of innovation
and stories of people.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

FORMULA, our podcast about organizations

Our Cultural Factory is constantly evolving, and in 2023 we decided to enrich
our cultural offering by introducing a new format - the podcast.

An episodic podcast exploring the most interesting formulas behind innovative
organisations. Conceived and fully produced by MAIZE's Cultural Factory.

Making a podcast requires many skills: research, writing, sound design. With
FORMULA, MAIZE has created a new communication channel to expand its vision of
contemporaneity.

With FORMULA, we decided to explore the heart of organisations in depth, looking
for unique and innovative formulas from different perspectives to be told
through our lens. Each episode aims to investigate the factors that enable
companies to be effective and to maintain or evolve their ecosystem. Some of the
topics we investigate delve into organisational structure, cultural rituals, the
growth of people, the link with the territory and how all these elements blend
together, creating the unique formulas we explore in our podcast. The first
three episodes:

Ep.01: The flowing enterpriseLoccioni is a company that combines measurement and
control systems, integrating various technologies, including robotics and data
analysis.

Ep. 02: The company that fitsMelidé, an innovative company led by a team of
eight women, was born as an idea in 2014 and has since grown into a thriving
business.

Ep.03: The company that embraces complexity, like forests doFounded in 2011 by a
group of visionary academics. Etifor has become one of the most successful
university spin-offs in Padua.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
