FORWARD, THE NEW COMPANY PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT PROCESS

DE'LONGHI

------------------------------------------------------------

Forward, the new company performance management process

The client, a leader in the small appliance market, asked us to redesign the
company's performance management process considering the needs of HQs and the
complexity of the global community, keeping the focus on organizational best
practices and HR trends, to spread a new vision of the process that could
maximize its value for all stakeholders involved.

The path we have proposed has included a strong component of research and co-
design together with the client, up to the grounding of the process,
communication and support training.

DE'LONGHI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Forward, the new company performance management process

Analyzing systems, processes, culture and mindset in order to correctly
interpret people needs and translate them into a new performance management
process for the entire global community.

A new performance management process inspired by the needs of the stakeholders
involved, oriented towards the future and the growth of people, respecting their
different needs and attitudes.

A detailed process with a strong concept ready to be integrated through small
steps into the entire organization and existing culture thanks to a
communication and training plan.

The project started with a research phase to analyze the existing process and
the needs of the employees:

15 interviews with employees from different countries, levels, and seniorities

6 interviews with C-level figures to capture strategic points of view

1 survey on a global territory to validate and enrich the collected insights

The second phase of the project consisted in the design of the new process:

a co-design session: with some cross-country figures we designed the key
elements of the new process

a phase of systematization of the key elements that led us to identify the
concept and role of the various actors involved. We have detailed every single
phase, activity and ownership

UX and UI of the new platform of the process

The last phase focused on training and communication:

SCORM and guidelines to train employees on the meaning and functioning of the
process

An editorial plan composed of newsletters, teaser and launch videos, video pills
on the process key steps and intranet news to engage and keep the attention high

As a result, the project has allowed and allows people to freely define their
own growth in the company and experience their work environment in a serene way.
Forward has integrated smoothly and individually into the growth path,
leveraging continuous feedback and respecting everyone's needs.

DE'LONGHI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
