FSE 2.0: CONTEXT, INTEGRATION WITH EXTERNAL SERVICES, AND PROMOTION SOLUTIONS

PFIZER

------------------------------------------------------------

FSE 2.0: context, integration with external services, and promotion solutions

The Patient & Healthcare Experience team of Pfizer asked us to carry out a study
on the diffusion and operation of the Electronic Health Record (EHR) in Italy to
explore the opportunity to expand its offer of health services that can be
integrated with the record, and to contribute to its diffusion among citizens
through communication and promotion actions in Italian regions with low
coverage.

PFIZER

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

FSE 2.0: context, integration with external services, and promotion solutions

Exploring new opportunities for promoting the Electronic Health Record in Italy
and offering new integrable health services.

Map of the context and diffusion of the Electronic Health Record in Italy,
identification of external solutions that can be integrated and definition of
possible multichannel communication approaches

List of external health services that can be integrated with the new FSE 2.0

3 communication approaches to promote the adoption of the FSE by citizens and
healthcare facilities in Italy.

The research was divided into two parts: 

Context analysis and case studies: we studied the functioning of the Electronic
Health Record (EHR) in Italy, its diffusion among citizens and its
adoption/implementation by healthcare facilities in Italian regions. In
addition, we documented its evolution in the coming years in terms of new
services offered and content, studying the implementation guidelines of the new
EHR 2.0. Finally, we collected a series of communication campaigns launched by
Italian regions to promote the adoption and use of the file in recent years. 

External services integration and communication solutions: we carried out an in-
depth study on the interoperability of the EHR to validate the possibility of
integrating external health services to the file via API (i.e., integration both
in terms of shared data and the possibility of accessing external services
through the online portal of the file). In addition, we mapped several players
in the healthcare sector that offer different healthcare services that could
potentially be integrated with the record in the future (i.e., drug home
delivery). Finally, based on a series of inspirational cases, we defined
possible communication approaches that Pfizer could adopt to promote the EHR
through different channels and tools.

PFIZER

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
