FUTURED, CDP'S EDTECH ACCELERATOR

CDP

------------------------------------------------------------

FuturED, CDP's Edtech accelerator

FuturED is the accelerator program for Edtech startups promoted by CDP and
managed by Maize with the objective of creating an Italian Edtech ecosystem by
generating strategic relationships between startups, companies, institutions and
investors.

The program is carried out over three years, each corresponding to a batch of
startups. It aim at reaching a total of 30 startups over the three batches.

CDP

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

FuturED, CDP's Edtech accelerator

FuturED aims at bringing together startups, companies, institutions, and
investors to make education more accessible, engaging, and effective.

An 8-month-long remote acceleration program repeated for three batches over
three years, in which the most promising startups will be funded by CDP and
establish relationships with corporate partners.

In the first batch we received 200+ applications and we accelerated 16 startups
(all Italian, except one from Sweden). Over the three years, we aim at
accelerating a total of 30 startups.

FuturED, launched by H-FARM and CDP Venture Capital SGR, managed by Maize is an
acceleration program for Edtech startups. The objective of the accelerator is to
select the most promising startups operating in the European Edtech ecosystem
which have the potential to establish strategic partnerships. The scouted
startups operate in three main fields: (i) Undergraduate education (ii)
University education and (iii) Corporate and continuous training. 200+ startups
from all over Europe applied to the first and to the second edition of the
accelerator, and 16 of them were accelerated.  Selected startups have access to
services and investments for a total value of €90K and take part in an 8-month
remote acceleration program structured as follows:

Month 1-4: Acceleration. In this fase, thanks to the support of Mentors and
Maize Buddies, startups review different aspects of their business, ranging from
the business model to the product to the go-to-market strategy to the
fundraising activities. At the end of the Acceleration phase, startups present
their pitches to partners and investors during the Demo Day held in the H-FARM
Campus.

Month 4-8: Growth. During the second half of the program, Maize supports the
startups in networking and fundraising activities based on each startups' needs.

FuturED's ultimate goal over the 3-year duration of the program is to accelerate
30 startups.

CDP

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
