FUTURE FACTORY 2022, A ROLLING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM WITH THE SALES
FORCE

CAMPARI GROUP

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Factory 2022, a rolling research and development program with the sales
force

Campari Group, a leading beverage company, has decided to involve its employees
in the Italian Market in the identification of innovative solutions in response
to a number of challenges relevant to the group.In the second year since its
first launch, Future Factory 22 has moved into the territory. A five-stop
roadshow throughout Italy with the involvement of the Camparisti directly in
their areas.

CAMPARI GROUP

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Factory 2022, a rolling research and development program with the sales
force

Bring Future Factory to the territories and have headquarters and territory
teams work synergistically on defining innovative solutions.

A five-stop roadshow throughout Italy with the involvement of the Camparisti
directly in their areas.

4 areas of improvement identified, 5 co-design sessions distributed in 5 cities,
150 employees involved, 30 working groups, 81 ideas generated and 3 ideas
selected and presented.

We structured the R&D program in such a way as to be able to model and repurpose
it cyclically, from year to year.In 2022, the need was to bring the Headquarter
closer to the Areas, so we created the right context for the Headquarters teams
and the sales network distributed over the territories to work in synergy,
contributing to the breaking of silos.The entire bottom-up process started by
involving the 220 people of the Italy Market in a listening phase to identify
areas of improvement where action could be taken.After focusing on the areas to
work on, we defined a communication plan to tell employees about them and
collected adhesions for the five co-design sessions distributed in the five
areas of the sales network: Northeast, Northwest, Center, South, Islands.Having
collected the adhesions and composed cross-functional groups, we designed and
delivered the five sessions, involving about 30 employees each time and with the
active participation of the Campari Leadership Team and Core Team.Finally, we
initiated a process of selecting the best solutions. The three selected ideas,
which were assigned to internal Group owners, were presented at the company
convention held in January 2023.

CAMPARI GROUP

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
