FUTURE INSURANCE LEADER, UNCONVENTIONAL RECRUITING DAY

ANIA ASSOCIAZIONE ITALIANA PER LE IMPRESE ASSICURATRICI

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Insurance Leader, Unconventional recruiting day

ANIA is the National Association of Insurance Companies and represents insurance
companies operating in Italy. In 2024, the association decided to attract young
STEM graduates and undergraduates by organising an unconventional recruitment
day aimed at offering internships within the participating insurance
companies.During the event, the skills of the participants were highlighted
through practical and interactive activities, allowing the participating
companies to assess the aspects of greatest interest to them.

ANIA ASSOCIAZIONE ITALIANA PER LE IMPRESE ASSICURATRICI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Insurance Leader, Unconventional recruiting day

Organization an unconventional recruitment day to attract young, talented
graduates or undergraduates in STEM disciplines.

A recruitment event aimed at providing internships within the participating
insurance companies and creating a strong brand identity associated with the
event.

Brand awareness among young students and recent graduates potentially interested
in a specific career field, and creation of a format for recruiting events that
can be replicated over time.

The project was divided into 3 phases: Set-up: Co-design session to define: set
of values and behaviours with which to assess candidates; Design of the
assessment to be proposed to candidates when recruiting participants; Design of
the communication campaign; Design of event activitiesCommunication and
recruiting: Creation of the assessment to be proposed to candidates; Production
of communication content; Campaign launch; Recruiting participantsEvent: Event
delivery and facilitationRetitution: Analysis of materials produced during the
event, return and debrief During the recruiting day, six interactive activities
were organised to highlight the skills sought by the participating insurance
companies. This enabled the companies' contact persons to identify and select
the most promising candidates to offer them internship opportunities within
their companies.In designing the Future Insurance Leader, special attention was
paid to the brand identity of the event, making the initiative easily
recognisable and attractive to the target audience.

ANIA ASSOCIAZIONE ITALIANA PER LE IMPRESE ASSICURATRICI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
