GEN Z FORUM 4TH EDITION - INTERNAL CALL4IDEAS

BREMBO

------------------------------------------------------------

Gen Z Forum 4th edition - Internal Call4ideas

We supported Brembo in the management and development of the Gen Z Forum
innovation program, a call 4 ideas dedicated to young talents under 30 in the
company globally.Our intervention covered several phases: from the
identification of areas of opportunity to idea generation and selection, to the
acceleration phase with business models, business cases, testing and pitch
preparation. We provided mentorship to the teams and targeted training, also
involving internal company managers and C-levels who shared their experience and
knowledge in vertical topics.

BREMBO

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Gen Z Forum 4th edition - Internal Call4ideas

To support Brembo in giving young talent under 30 a voice, guiding them in the
generation and development of innovative ideas.

Mentorship and training along all stages of the call 4 ideas, from ideation to
final pitch.

Over 90 ideas generated, 6 developed and presented to top management (C-levels),
strengthening Gen Z involvement in Brembo's innovation.

Brembo's Gen Z Forum is a program that enhances young corporate talent, allowing
them to work on innovative ideas in different areas (e.g., new technologies such
as AI, communication and wellbeing initiatives, new product launches...). For
6-7 months, participants went through a process of idea generation, selection,
and acceleration, including the involvement of internal company middle managers
as mentors and idea sponsors. We provided mentorship and training (Presentation
Design, Project Management), helping them develop business models, business
cases and validation tests, up to the preparation of final pitches. Managers and
C-levels internal to the company shared their experience and knowledge on
vertical issues, helping to make the course even more formative and concrete.

BREMBO

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2024

------------------------------------------------------------
