GENERATIVE AI TRAINING FOR DERMATOLOGISTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Generative AI Training for Dermatologists

The Client has asked us to participate in one of their events by delivering a
workshop dedicated to Generative Artificial Intelligence. The main focus of the
workshop is to provide participants with foundational knowledge on the use of
ChatGPT through the delivery of custom exercises that have been specifically
designed and validated with the Client in the preceding weeks.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Generative AI Training for Dermatologists

The Client has asked us to organize training workshops on Generative AI for
participants at an in-person dermatology convention in Turin. The focus will be
on ChatGPT.

Two workshop sessions of 1 hour each (repeated 3 times to allow all participants
to attend in rotation), with 35 minutes of practical exercises using ChatGPT and
a brief introduction.

The Client particularly appreciated the co-design activity during the
development of the exercises and has contacted us to extend the training
activity within their company as well.

The Client had planned a two-day event for a group of dermatologists, to be held
in person in Turin. Our Generative AI workshop was scheduled for the second
day.During the creation of this workshop, there was extensive collaboration
between the Maize/Jakala team and the Client’s team to ensure that the content
was as closely aligned as possible with the event's theme and the background of
the participants (dermatologists).During the various weekly status update
meetings with the Client, it was decided that the workshop would be divided into
two parts:- The first part would be more theoretical and inspirational, during
which the Maize team would provide a high-level introduction to AI, mentioning
the main companies in the field, a selection of use cases, and a brief glossary
of generative AI terms.- The second part (which would make up the majority of
the workshop) would allow the dermatologists to engage in practical exercises
using ChatGPT, which were developed in collaboration with the Client and closely
related to the daily tasks that dermatologists perform in their practice. To
address all the identified needs, we created two different workshop sessions
with two types of exercises ('qualitative' and 'quantitative').

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
