GENERATIONS DEBATE: AN INQUIRY INTO THE FAST CHANGING WORLD OF WORK

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Generations Debate: an inquiry into the fast changing world of work

Generations Debate is a research project that aims to provide a grounded-in-
reality yet original perspective on the current situation of the workplace and
its evolving directions through different research methods, via quantitative and
qualitative sources. We considered a person’s whole work cycle: from the moment
they step foot in the world of work, choosing a job or starting an internship,
to their first hardships and achievements, through their future ambitions to
create a series of outputs that could describe the multifaceted reality of this
complex topic.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Generations Debate: an inquiry into the fast changing world of work

Understand the perception of work of four different generations and develop an
original interpretation of ongoing evolutions from an European standpoint, going
beyond current mainstream headlines.

A comprehensive printed and digital report, video series, landing page, social
posts and presentation event to portray the complex picture of the different
generations' perception of the job world.

The outputs generated interest and stimulated conversations both among HR and
people directors and young professionals, providing us the inspiration to set up
another original research project.

To assess the state of the art and set up our research we carried out a
preliminary analysis of existing reports and proposed points of view on
generations in the workplace. We then started to delineate our research focus:
exploring Gen Z, Gen Y, Gen X and Baby Boomers' perspectives on work by
gathering qualitative and quantitative data through through 3 main processes:

With trend research we explored what drivers are leading change in people's
behaviors and their emerging expectations regarding time at work, the role of
passions and hobbies, growth paths within organizations, and more;

Through a 30 question survey distributed in Italy, France, Germany, Spain and
Sweden, we collected preferences and interests of more than 2000 workers in
structured organizations, inquiring about their past, present and future
perspective and expectations regarding their career and the job world at large;

A full day live workshop involving 8 workers, each representing a part of their
generation, served to get a closer look at people’s unique stories and at the
several points of contact that exist among different age groups.

Throughout the process we converged to analyse and synthesise the copious amount
of information we gathered and leveraged our content design, data visualization
and video-making skills to depict the breadth of one of the most complex socio-
economic topics of current times, leading to the creation of different mixed-
media outputs.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
