GLOSSARIOUS: THE WORDS OF INNOVATION

ANGELINI PHARMA

------------------------------------------------------------

Glossarious: The Words of Innovation

The Glossarious was created as part of the Digital Contagious project, conceived
as a collection of terms—a glossary dedicated to today’s world, with an eye on
the world of tomorrow.

Its purpose is to explain and narrate words that are frequently heard and seen,
from conversations to scrolling through content, aiming to provide answers and
spark curiosity.

Words have the power to spread quickly; what truly matters is making their
meanings contagious.

This is achieved through an SCORM app, accessible on all company devices,
enabling seamless access to knowledge.

ANGELINI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Glossarious: The Words of Innovation

To provide Angelini Pharma employees with an easily navigable knowledge tool
that explains the words of innovation in a simple and engaging way.

Glossarious: a collection of innovation-related words, an app created with
Rise. A training project always at your fingertips.

500+ downloads, 100+ words.

Digital Contagious is Angelini Pharma’s project dedicated to spreading
innovative thinking, fostering shared reflections, and driving change starting
with people. It organizes events, summits, interviews, and provides materials
and content focused on innovation and emerging technologies. Glossarious is a
collection of over 100 innovation-related terms, complete with examples and
useful links. Structured like a convenient publication, it is divided into
thematic chapters: New Worlds – Virtual, parallel, and artificial worlds: What
are eSports, Twitch, and Roblox. New Interactions – Evolving relationships and
communication dynamics: TikTok, Crowd Intelligence. New Businesses – Emerging
trends and models: Blockchain and cryptocurrencies, on-demand pharma, and
digital therapeutics. New Machines – Artificial intelligence and its key terms:
deep learning, NLP, DALL-E, etc. New Marketing – Changes in measurement and
targeting: Proximity marketing, automation, and more. The tool is an app with an
intuitive SCORM module built on Rise, designed for smooth and user-friendly
mobile navigation. Glossarious was launched via the company intranet, dedicated
newsletters, and an explainer video. By discovering new words, employees can
enhance their daily work and contribute to a company mindset rooted in curiosity
toward innovation.

ANGELINI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
