HACK-E-RARE, A VIRTUAL HACKATHON ON RARE DISEASES

CSL BEHRING

------------------------------------------------------------

HACK-E-RARE, a virtual hackathon on rare diseases

HACK-E-RARE is the first virtual hackathon on rare diseases promoted by CSL
Behring, a leading global biotech company in the field of blood products, in
collaboration with MAIZE and with the scientific-intellectual contribution of
S.I.F.O., the Italian Society of Hospital Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Services
of Health Authorities.

During 2 days, 40 students and young graduates in pharmacy, chemistry, and
pharmaceutical technology and design, divided into teams, designed innovative
solutions for patients and hospital staff, guided by our facilitators and
S.I.F.O. mentors.

CSL BEHRING

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

HACK-E-RARE, a virtual hackathon on rare diseases

Organize and run a hackathon involving hospital pharmacists as mentors and
challenge owners.

A one and a half-day hackathon designed to reach useful solutions for hospital
pharmacists, key players in improving the lives of patients suffering from rare
diseases.

Due winning ideas: one on adherence to therapy and another on logistics and
storage of drugs. A truthful co-design innovation path with hospital
pharmacists.

We supported CSL Behring in the planning of the event at 360°: from the
communication (press office, social) to the definition of the design activities,
to the management of S.I.F.O.'s (the Italian Society of Hospital Pharmacists)
contribution. With S.I.F.O. and CSL Behring we focused on 2 hot briefs in the
management of rare diseases, we supported and guided them to be effective
facilitators of the 10 groups and facilitated them in the evaluation of the
final ideas.

Challenge 1. How to improve communication between patients/caregivers and the
hospital to monitor therapy adherence? 

Winning idea: Q-RARE, an app aimed at motivating patients to keep track of their
therapy and thus improve their quality of life.

Challenge 2. How can hospital pharmacists be supported in managing and
replenishing inventory to overcome shortages of drugs for rare disease patients?

Winning idea: PANGEA, Pangea is a value-added service for quick consultation
(platform) and delivery of urgent medicines.

The involvement of S.I.F.O. as a key player during the hackathon, as a user for
the solutions and as an active participant in the design of the event, is an
excellent interpretation of the co-design approach promoted and disseminated by
MAIZE.

CSL BEHRING

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
