MAESTRI DEL LUPPOLO, AN INNOVATIVE CONNECTED BREWERY EXPERIENCE

CARLSBERG

------------------------------------------------------------

Maestri del luppolo, an innovative connected brewery experience

Carlsberg, one of the leading brewery groups in the world, needed to explore new
B2B2C channels to enable original business models and different ways to nurture
relationships with end-consumers in the draught beer segment.

The solution we provided consisted of a renewed in-store experience and a unique
mix of technology, experience, and storytelling across a physical and digital
space.

CARLSBERG

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Maestri del luppolo, an innovative connected brewery experience

Find a new way for Carlsberg to communicate with end-consumers, through its bars
network, exploring new business models and leveraging their technological
assets: a patented connected draught system

An in-store experience, leveraging the connected draught system, to offer
entertainment to consumers, gather data, and enable actionable insights for pub
owners and the company

A pilot program at 12 bars in Milan and Turin, more than 12,000 registered users
in 3 months, half of them completed all in-store interactions; sales volume
increased and beverage mix improved

Carlsberg mainly relied on its proprietary draught system for technical purposes
only, to schedule predictive maintenance intervention. We understood the
unexplored potential of the system and envisioned a new way to exploit it to
deliver an outstanding customer experience in-store and gather valuable
insights. The project relied on 5 main assets: 1.A connected draught system,
registering real-time beer consumption in the bar; 2.Connected bars, recognizing
and tracing customers thanks to wi-fi and beacons; 3.A consumer web and mobile
app, offering infotainment while drinking at the bar and collecting data about
habits, tastes, and routines, such as the average number of beers, favorite
items on the menu or preferred days at the bar, and the network of bars visited
in the city; 4.Back-end software infrastructure, to organize data, elaborate
insights and manage targeted campaigns, including a Mongo Database, an open-
source Sugar CRM, Cisco Meraki and Cloud4Wi to manage in-store analytics and an
Enterprise Service Bus to connect all software components; 5.A bar manager app,
to monitor beer consumption, customer presence, and receive real-time micro-
marketing suggestions to launch specific campaigns during the day, according to
the kind of customer segments currently in the bar. We designed, implemented and
maintained the entire solution end-to-end. The pilot project in 12 Italian bars
was so successful that the program scaled at the corporate level across Europe.

CARLSBERG

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
