MAIZE.KNOWS, OUR KNOWLEDGE SHARING PLATFORM

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

MAIZE.knows, our knowledge sharing platform

Sharing is important, being tidy is important, not losing files is important and
always knowing how to find things at the click of a button is crucial!In MAIZE,
like all self-respecting teams, we had a rather homely way of keeping important
things in order and often wasted our time searching for the right copy of the
right file, finding the keeper of the latest version, digging through the
archives of our shared drive.After years of frustrating treasure hunts,
enlightenment arrived. We decided to build ourselves a tool to help us keep
everything shared and in perfect order. Thus was born MAIZE.knows

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

MAIZE.knows, our knowledge sharing platform

Providing a tool that helps to share, update, find content in a few clicks and
thus keep all internal company knowledge as tidy as possible

A knowledge sharing platform that helps companies keep everything shared and in
perfect order and helps teams of all kinds optimise their daily work.

120+ daily active users1500+ shared filesmonthly releases of new features and
platform update

MAIZE.knows, our knowledge sharing platform, has everything you need to share
the knowledge of a team.Search, find, link, share and download documents, tools,
inspiration, resources, cases, etc... in one well-structured, user-friendly and
connected environment with other platforms.MAIZE.knows offers users the
possibility to create content in just a few steps, to visualise created content
as talking and essential cards, to search using our AI-powered tool, to filter
according to content type and to have everything accessible via a 100%
customised menu.The way content is organised in layers within knows is what the
organisation feels is best to use: to work well, the content tree at the heart
of MAIZE.knows must reflect the way people in the organisation are and work.At
MAIZE, we have chosen to focus on shared responsibility (e.g. Project
Management), training (e.g. Meetings,Events and Speech) and our competencies
(Community).MAIZE.knows helps to organise all the knowledge and documents that
you now have no idea what happened to them. In doing so, it helps teams of all
kinds to optimise their daily work.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
