MAIZE.LIVE FINDING UTOPIAS. UNLOCKED CONVERSATIONS BEYOND A NEW NORMALITY

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

maize.LIVE Finding Utopias. Unlocked conversations beyond a new normality

Each year we host an event, maize.LIVE. A content and entertainment experience
that aims to inspire and ask new questions about our future or the time we are
living in. 

Due to the pandemic, the 2020 edition was totally digital with a serialized
format dedicated to Modern Utopia. Each installment was vertical on a theme that
featured various speakers and a show. The chapters were Time, Trust, and
Happiness.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

maize.LIVE Finding Utopias. Unlocked conversations beyond a new normality

Organize the 2020 edition of maize.LIVE by reinventing the format based on a
100% digital experience and with limited time and resources.

A live streaming event spread over 3 days, 2 hours per day, 3 talks, 1 show and
1 panel for each day.

250 attendees, 6 hours of streaming, satisfaction survey feedback of 4.5 out of
5 points.

The event titled "Finding Utopias, unlocked conversations beyond a new
normality" took place on December 1, 2 and 3, 2020. The focus was on 3 themes:
time, trust and happiness. One per day. The maize.LIVE in-person events are
characterized by a high attention to detail: the experience is immersive, the
content is declined from every point of view including that of the physical
atmosphere created for the participants. The digital version has taken into
account all these aspects but declining them according to the digital lens. The
storytelling of the theme marked all phases of the pre, during and post-event.
Each chapter was represented by an island, taking inspiration from Thomas
Moore's imagery of Utopia. Each island a chapter, each island a different aspect
of reasoning. The event took place on the live streaming platform of maize
where, in addition to streaming, there were various information on
speakers/agenda, a photo portfolio ad hoc for each theme and a gift box. Each
day the platform graphics changed depending on the theme. Each chapter was
treated with 1 introductory speaker with a philosophical slant, 1 speaker from
business and 1 "pop" speaker. Dividing the various talks, there was "Out of
Place" an episodic show, inspired by the theme of the day, completely organized
by the MAIZE team that wrote, directed and interpreted the episodes. Each
chapter ended with a panel to answer any questions from the audience.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
