MARKET ANALYSIS AND BENCHMARKING FOR DIGITAL RECRUITING

------------------------------------------------------------

Market Analysis and Benchmarking for Digital Recruiting

Gi Group requested an in-depth analysis of Digital Recruiting to understand the
current landscape, market opportunities and target competitors. We conducted
qualitative interviews, market research, competitive analysis, and assessments
of digitization in the industry to provide strategic insight and support
business decisions

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Transportation and Mobility • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Market Analysis and Benchmarking for Digital Recruiting

Understand Digital Recruiting opportunities through market analysis and
competitive benchmarking.

A comprehensive assessment of the landscape, market attractiveness and global
best practices for Digital Recruiting.

Clear vision of competitive positioning and growth opportunities in the
industry, strategic support for business decisions.

To support Gi Group in interpreting industry changes and seizing new
opportunities, we structured a four-step analysis:Internal Assessment - Five
qualitative interviews with key Gi Group stakeholders to understand their
offerings, digital goals, and key barriers in Digital Recruiting.Landscape
Research - Market Exploration to provide an up-to-date view of the current state
of Digital Recruiting, identifying trends and future prospects.Market
Attractiveness - Analysis of market potential in the six target countries
(Italy, Germany, France, Spain, Portugal and Brazil), considering economic,
structural factors and the digitalization dynamics of the staffing
sector.Competitive Analysis - Benchmarking the major players in Digital
Recruiting in the six target countries, with an additional focus on two U.S.
best-in-class, Deel and Toptal.Our work provided key insights for Gi Group to
develop an informed strategy and structure its offering more competitively and
effectively.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Transportation and Mobility • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
