MATERIALS DIGITAL CATALOGUE, PRESENT A NEW TEXTILE COLLECTION REMOTELY AND
DIGITALLY

------------------------------------------------------------

Materials Digital Catalogue, present a new textile collection remotely and
digitally

The client is a historic Venetian company that works in the textile field since
1861. Each season, the client has the need to present its new textile collection
to its worldwide buyers. This process has always taken place in-person to give
clients the possibility to see and touch the samples.

In 2020, these presentation moments needed to be transformed into a web-
navigable digital catalog.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Materials Digital Catalogue, present a new textile collection remotely and
digitally

To turn the in-person collections and samples show into a digital experience,
accessible remotely and worldwide.

An online digital catalog that contains the new collections of textiles
products, with digital applications on virtual models and objects.

20 digital material samples, with 4 virtual applications for each material, all
of them shown in an online landing page for the final client's buyer.

To replace the meetings with buyers, it was necessary, as a first step, to scan
the fabric samples selected by Lanificio for the new winter collection. 

The scanned images were used as textures for the final shader. The shader, a set
of physical properties that act as an interpreter for a given material (for
example, the roughness index of a fabric), is then applied to a 3D model. From
the 3D model, the scene is composed, with background elements and light
settings, so as to produce a render, i.e. a static image, which is the one then
presented in the catalog.

For each material 4 applications were chosen to be shown in the catalog: a macro
photo of the fabric weave, a simulation of the fabric on a spherical element, a
real application on a model and finally a more creative solution, on a teddy
bear, so as to convey the message that the material, once digitized, can
potentially be applied to anything.

The renders were collected and cataloged into a web page that was then used by
the end client during their online meetings.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
