MOONSHOTS! A NEW FORMAT FOR FAST R&D

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Moonshots! A new format for fast R&D

We often experience the need to experiment and get our hands dirty with new
methodologies, approaches or technologies, through quick experiments that allow
us to grasp their limits and potential.This is why the Moonshots were born:
experimental projects that allow everyone within the organization to prototype
an idea. There are no briefs or pre-decided research topics: the only constraint
is time!

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Moonshots! A new format for fast R&D

We want to create an agile R&D process, made-up with short but effective cycles,
that gives everyone the opportunity to experiment with new ideas, methodologies
or technologies.

An R&D process with fast iterations and a simple approval process, heavily based
on experimentation, following the fail fast, fail often concept.

The format has been welcomed by the organization and many Missions have started
since the first launch of the format, in Q4 of 2022.

Moonshots are R&D projects with limited time and budget, that allow everyone to
experiment with an as yet unknown technology or methodology. The goal is the
implementation of a prototype in a very short time (typically no more than few
weeks), in order to evaluate the impact that the starting idea can have within
the organization.Given the fast nature of these projects, the prototyping phase
is predominant over the research part. Furthermore, the subject of the
experimentation and the KPIs must be very clear from the beginning.Each proposal
(A.K.A. the Mission) has a Commander that must choose a colleague (the Houston)
that is responsible for broadening the horizons of the idea and to promote it
internally.Once the proposal is submitted, a quick meeting (the Space
rendezvous) is organized and the Mission is discussed among the Commander, the
Houston and a Partner from the organization. If the idea convinces, the Partner
gives the green lights and the experimentation can start immediately.The results
of the Missions are then shared with the entire organization.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
