NEW POSITIONING FOR TALENT TEAM

------------------------------------------------------------

New positioning for Talent Team

Following a corporate reorganization, a major client in the Fashion &
Accessories sector requested our support to help reposition their global Talent
Team. This team, part of the broader HR ecosystem, was facing several
challenges, including unclear boundaries of its role and inconsistent internal
and external communication. We addressed the challenge by creating the new
identity for the Team (naming, tone of voice, visual identity), the Manifesto
outlining the vision, mission, and approach, and a framework to more effectively
and impactfully communicate the Team’s areas of intervention within the
organization.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

New positioning for Talent Team

The client needed to build a new identity for their Talent Team and a clear
strategy for positioning and communicating the team both internally and
externally within the company.

A renewed Team identity, a positioning and communication strategy, and a
framework representing the Team’s areas of impact, all compiled into a
storytelling document.

The proposal improved the understanding and perception of the Talent Team’s
mission and work, facilitating internal communication and collaboration, and
enhancing employer branding.

The Team needed a clear definition of its strategic mission and vision, along
with a redesign of its identity, to enhance internal perception and employer
branding. The project began with a series of interviews with key team members to
gather input on long-term vision, distinctive traits, representative imagery,
and key messages. Subsequently, through a co-creation process with the owners of
the various processes managed by the Talent Team, we developed:

a new team identity, including a new naming, manifesto (vision, mission,
approach), values statement, and impact map

a new visual identity, including logo, color palette, logo applications, and
photographic style

tone of voice guidelines and communication strategy directions

a storytelling framework for their areas of impact (processes, activities,
initiatives), including a deep dive into each area of intervention

All outputs were compiled into a final document that serves as the key
touchpoint for the Talent Team to convey their communication both internally and
externally within the company.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
