OPEN INNOVATION OPERATING MODEL, GOVERNANCE AND TOOLS

------------------------------------------------------------

Open Innovation operating model, governance and tools

To meet the need for an Open Innovation approach with clear governance and
capable of generating impact on patients, people and planet, it was developed a
tailor-made, collaborative and flexible model. The project, articulated in four
phases (business understanding, governance co-design, model validation,
resources development), was co-designed with the client and led to the creation
of a scalable and dynamic model, fully integrated with the corporate
strategy.come abbiamo fatto in modo di integrarci con le funzioni già esistenti
(es interviste, raci, test interni con interviste, validazione finale)

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Open Innovation operating model, governance and tools

The client asked for support in structuring an Open Innovation approach with
clear governance, capable of generating a concrete impact on patients, people
and planet.

An Open Innovation model with clear governance, integrated with operational
resources (manuals, workflows, presentations) and customised KPIs to ensure
monitoring and strategic alignment.

Strengthening business processes and collaboration. The final recommendations
served to ensure a sustainable and sustained impact over time.

The project consisted of four main phases.In the Business Understanding phase
were defined the team, the working methods and the timeline. A kick-off enabled
the setting of objectives, supported by the analysis of the innovation model and
the mapping of organisational and stakeholder dynamics.The Governance Co-design
phase included a workshop to discuss workflows, roles and responsibilities (RACI
matrix) and to clearly define internal stakeholder roles and mutual
expectations. KPIs were also created to measure impact, collaboration and
success, ensuring alignment with corporate objectives.In Model Validation, the
model was verified through interviews with 21 stakeholders and compared with ISO
56000 standards to ensure consistency and quality.In Resources Development,
operational resources were developed, including working manuals and detailed
workflow documents. Miro was used as a tool to visualise and organise processes,
as well as concise presentations to facilitate understanding and sharing of the
work performed.The project concluded with a summary document and strategic
recommendations to scale and improve the model, ensuring its long-term
sustainability and impact.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
