OTP HACK, A MINI TEAM BUILDING HACKATHON FOR THE YOUNG TALENTS OF
ESSILORLUXOTTICA

ESSILORLUXOTTICA

------------------------------------------------------------

OTP HACK, a mini team building hackathon for the young talents of
EssilorLuxottica

EssilorLuxottica, a leading Franco-Italian multinational eyewear manufacturer,
offers every year the Operations Talent Program (OTP), a graduate programme for
the development of young talents from STEM backgrounds, with the aim of offering
them dynamic career opportunities within EssilorLuxottica's main operational
centres.With the aim of welcoming the OTP talents who have recently joined the
EssilorLuxottica family, we were asked to organise a hackathon to create moments
of exchange and team building between the participants, experimenting with
Design Thinking methodology.

ESSILORLUXOTTICA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

OTP HACK, a mini team building hackathon for the young talents of
EssilorLuxottica

Create a team-building event for the two teams (Italy and France) of the OTP
2022 programe, using the opportunity to experiment new methodologies to be
applied in their own work context.

Design a mini hackathon for the participants of the Operation Talent Programme,
in which 4 teams challenged each other on the topic of 3D printing using the
Design Thinking methodology.

4 new ideas and initiatives (one winner), contamination between the French and
Italian teams, involvement and sense of belonging, use and testing of the Design
Thinking methodology.

In order to create cohesion among the participants of the Operation Talent
programme and to encourage cross-fertilisation between the Italian and French
teams, we designed a mini hackathon to engage young talents on the topic of 3D
printing and the development of this technology in the context of
EssilorLuxottica.The participants (20 young talents divided into 4 teams)
challenged each other with a single task focused on 3D printing technology and
its application in the world of eyewear. Each group approached the challenge
using the Design Thinking methodology: 

Understand: Understand the brief and context to identify areas of opportunity to
work on;

Ideate: Generate an idea that responds to the identified opportunity;

Verify: Define and prototype the idea to test its effectiveness.

At the end of the activities, each team presented its idea to a jury composed by
EssilorLuxottica managers, who then selected the solution that best met the
criteria of impact and originality, responsiveness to the challenge, feasibility
and effectiveness in the way it was presented.

ESSILORLUXOTTICA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
