PATIENT REMINDER APP TO INCREASE TREATMENT ADHERENCE

ASTRAZENECA

------------------------------------------------------------

Patient reminder app to increase treatment adherence

AstraZeneca is a global, science-led biopharmaceutical business whose innovative
medicines are used by millions of patients worldwide.

Considering that treatment adherence is a paramount element for patients'
wellness and effectiveness of pharmaceutical products, we crafted a Patient
Reminder project for Italian Hospital Centers to minimize the number of patients
who do not complete pharmaceutical treatments.

AstraZeneca sponsored the project for 4 Hospital Centers and 400 patients to
foster awareness level on treatment adherence.

ASTRAZENECA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------

Patient reminder app to increase treatment adherence

Build a treatment adherence project to help the compliance manager minimize the
number of patients who do not complete pharmaceutical treatments.

A digital platform that can archive patients' data, send alerts via SMS and
e-mail and run survey to monitor treatment adherence to be managed by hospital
compliance manager.

304 patients monitored, 1,494 tracked surveys, 1,791 alerts sent. In 6 months,
the range patients pool registered 90% of treatment adherence compared to the
40% average.

In order to minimize the number of patients who do not complete pharmaceutical
treatments we designed and developed a platform that allows for customizing and
sending e-mail and SMS to the patients with a flexible frequency (daily, weekly,
monthly, at specific dates) to support adherence to the treatment and run
surveys to measure performance.

The project, run in 4 Italian hospitals, involved 400 patients with
cardiovascular issues. The compliance manager played a key role in the project
supporting the doctor in patients' enrollment, managing the platform, setting
reminders and sending surveys and analyzing results.

Three types of surveys can be run via the platform: Morisky Medication Adherence
Scale (MAAS), non-pharmacological adherence, smoking abstinence (Fagerström).
Surveys are run at 0,1, 3 and 6 months from enrollment and allow people to
measure adherence performance. 

Patients involved in the project scored very high results in treatment adherence
scores with 88-90% consistency across 6 months compared with a national average
of 40%.

ASTRAZENECA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------
