PIBILAB, A COLLABORATIVE SPACE ENTIRELY DEDICATED TO PRODUCT INNOVATION

PIBIPLAST

------------------------------------------------------------

PIBILAB, a collaborative space entirely dedicated to product innovation

Pibiplast, a leading Italian company in designing and manufacturing primary
packaging systems for cosmetics and make-up, has decided to define its own
approach to innovation by creating a collaborative space in which the company
interprets new industry trends and anticipates market and end-consumer
demands.From field research to innovative concept design, we supported Pibiplast
by defining a new product development model guided by the principles of user-
centered design.

PIBIPLAST

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2023

------------------------------------------------------------

PIBILAB, a collaborative space entirely dedicated to product innovation

Design and test a new design model that leads to the development of products
capable of interpreting industry trends and anticipating market and consumer
demands.

PibiLab, a collaborative space where the company identifies and analyzes
consumer needs in order to arrive at innovative product development through
rapid prototyping.

A report that gathers consumer insights and market trends; 6 new product
concepts to be developed and presented at industry trade shows.

We supported Pibiplast in the creation of their Innovation Lab. Both catalyst
and accelerator of innovation, the Innovation Lab it is a collaborative space
where the company interprets new industry trends and anticipates market and end-
consumer demands.We defined the design model by shifting the focus from customer
demands to listening to other stakeholders: employees and especially the
public.Our task has been to listen to everyone and anticipate what the market
demands today and what it will want tomorrow.We have joined a multidisciplinary
group of people within the company, creating a unique incubator of ideas able to
generate new concepts and products and predict market trends.The internal
process ended with "Fast Factory," an approach to industrial production that
gave the client the ability to get products to market in an agile, creative and
effective way.

PIBIPLAST

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2023

------------------------------------------------------------
