POC OF A SELF-CARE RAG IN THE TELCO DOMAIN

------------------------------------------------------------

PoC of a self-care RAG in the telco domain

A telco company has a very rich and structured FAQ section on its website, but
it is not very easy for customers to navigate.In order to make the search for
information more intuitive and in line with the dialogic and human-like approach
that Large Language Model-based tools are getting us used to, we created the PoC
of a RAG (retrieval-augmented generation): a search engine that can be queried
in natural language and that finds the requested information, reprocesses it,
and returns an answer in dialogic form, citing the sources.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

PoC of a self-care RAG in the telco domain

A more intuitive and user-friendly self-care tool than the current FAQs on the
company's website.

A conversational assistant based on a Large Language Model and integrated with a
search engine, allowing the document base to be consulted in dialogic form.

The integration of different components allows the potential of LLMs to be
harnessed to create a simple and natural experience, yet maintain control over
the sources and the generated responses.

The RAG integrates the functions of an embedding-based semantic search engine
and an LLM-based conversational assistant. This means that the user can search
for information in the document base dialogically, asking questions and
receiving answers in natural language.The tool is based on the integration of
several modules. The user's query is sent to the search engine, which returns
the most relevant documents as results. The documents are then sent to the LLM
agent, which "reads" them instead of the user and uses them to formulate an
answer to the initial question thanks to generative AI. In addition, the
assistant also provides a list of the sources it used to come up with the
answer, so that the user, if he or she wants, can consult them in turn.All of
this is integrated with the proprietary conversational framework Celi.dialog,
which allows for dialogue-like interaction and can also handle follow up
questions (i.e., implicitly referring to previous questions) and chit-chat.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
