PRIORITIZATION OF OPPORTUNITY AREAS AND SCOUTING OF AI SOLUTIONS

------------------------------------------------------------

Prioritization of opportunity areas and scouting of AI solutions

To find the best possibile areas of AI application and innovative partners to
tackle them, we started by assessing the needs and pain points of the different
business units (from finance, legal, marketing etc). Then we deep dived with the
main stakeholders in understanding details about the processes. With the
shortlist of areas/usecases, we scouted the best startup/University Centers to
work with and delivered a collaboration framework to the client to discuss with
them.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Prioritization of opportunity areas and scouting of AI solutions

CHIESI asked MAIZE to help analyse theopportunities that can be enabled by AI
and to identify which business processes should be explored as possible work
streams from an open innovation perspective.

We worked with a team of 4 people for 3 months with competences in AI and Open
Innovation and process management.

We delivered an evaluation framework for startup solutions, a list of 40
potential partners as well as a complete document on the internal assessment.

The project was divided into 4 phases:CONTEXT ANALYSIS: Engaging Chiesi business
units to explore, possible opportunities for improvement. Different business
units are involved with the goal of making an initial qualitative, high level
prioritization of their needsDEEP DIVE: Involve the priority team/Business Unit
and deepen the needs that have emerged. The goal is to define use cases by being
able to define the quantitative impact in more detailDISCOVERY: Research
activity aimed at identifying possible partners that can respond to the business
needs. The objective is to define a collaboration framework for each external
partner identifiedDECISION MAKING: The business unit has all the informations
needed in order to decide with which external partner to dive deeper the
collaboration opportunity

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
