PRISMA CREW: WHERE AREN'T YOU LOOKING? A CORPORATE DEBIASING JOURNEY

ATTIVITÀ INTERNA

------------------------------------------------------------

Prisma Crew: Where Aren't You Looking? A Corporate Debiasing Journey

We have established the Prisma Crew, whose goal is to explore debiasing
initiatives to address unconscious biases in the workplace and promote an
inclusive corporate culture. Prisma Crew uses an approach that combines Service
Design and artificial intelligence to create lasting structural changes in
organizations.

ATTIVITÀ INTERNA

CASE STUDY

2

Crew 2022 • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Prisma Crew: Where Aren't You Looking? A Corporate Debiasing Journey

Creating a program on unconscious bias for the corporate population.

We propose a program for deconstructing unconscious biases that, through play,
brings about changes in individuals and the organization.

By combining Service Design with AI, we have created a debiasing process that
aims to change individual behaviors and consequently the entire organization,
promoting true inclusion.

With Prisma Crew, we have developed guidelines and effective tools to design
debiasing initiatives that can have a cultural and systemic impact, overcoming
the limitations of current training practices that often have limited and non-
lasting effects. The guidelines for a successful debiasing initiative include:-
Putting Concepts into Practice: Combining theoretical training with practical
tools and continuous monitoring.- Co-design and Involvement of Experts: Engaging
internal stakeholders and external experts.- Management Involvement: Ensuring
active support from leadership.- Diverse and Broad Participation: Avoiding
tokenism and involving a wide range of participants.- Making the Initiative
Permanent: Formalizing and integrating DE&I initiatives into business
operations.The perfect combination of Service Design and AI has been the winning
key. Service Design is used to analyze the business context and coordinate the
various actors, stimulating cultural change through collaborative workshops. AI,
through tools like Analytics, helps identify and correct unconscious biases in
the language used within the company.

ATTIVITÀ INTERNA

CASE STUDY

3

Crew 2022 • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
