PRO HUB, A “ONE-POINT OF TRUTH” FOR PROFESSIONALS TO LEARN HOW TO GET THEIR JOB
DONE COST-EFFECTIVEL

HENKEL

------------------------------------------------------------

Pro Hub, a “one-point of truth” for professionals to learn how to get their job
done cost-effectivel

Following market research, Henkel Adhesive Technologies identified the need for
a digital, job-focused platform to help professionals (e.g., painters,
carpenters) improve work quality. To meet this need, MAIZE defined a three-step
path: 1) co-design of the solution with Henkel’s front lines; 2) creation of a
business case to estimate investment, costs, and ROI; 3) development of an MVP
and testing in Spain and Germany to gather data and validate the product-market
fit.

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Pro Hub, a “one-point of truth” for professionals to learn how to get their job
done cost-effectivel

Design a digital solution that can innovatively, accurately, and comprehensively
answer professionals' doubts and questions about properly doing their work.

A project plan build on 3 main phases: 1)design of the solution in its main
elements, 2) creation of a business case, 3) launch of an MVP to test the
product-market fit.

Product's market-fit validation through a successful MVP test on the Spanish &
German market. Definition of a roadmap to scale the project to new European
counties, such as Germany.

To build a true “one-point of truth” for professionals, the MAIZE team
structured the project into three main streams: Solution design – Through market
analysis and co-design sessions with Henkel’s front lines, the team defined the
value proposition and key elements of the business model, including go-to-market
channels, revenue model, and core services. Dynamic business case – Once the
model was set, a dynamic business case was developed to simulate future costs,
revenues, and investments as key assumptions changed (e.g., features in the
first release, countries involved). Based on this, Henkel defined the
development roadmap. MVP test – The first test was launched in Spain through a
structured process: defining core hypotheses (e.g., professionals prefer
content-centric over product-centric platforms; they value short, simple video
tutorials), developing the platform and UX to validate them, launching online
with a targeted marketing campaign, and collecting/analyzing data. The test
confirmed all key hypotheses, leading Henkel to extend the project to Germany.

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2023

------------------------------------------------------------
