REDESIGNING THE BARILLA GLOBAL L&D EXPERIENCE

BARILLA

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesigning the Barilla Global L&D experience

A leading Italian company in the global food industry asked us for support to
rethink its Learning & Development Experience to make it more effective. The
process started with a research phase, followed by a co-design workshop and some
interviews where the goals for the redesign were identified. The project
included the creation of a new identity and manifesto for the L&D team, the
reorganization and redesign of the platform, a "soft launch" video of the new
LX, a launch newsletter, and a feedback form to be included at the end of each
course.

BARILLA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesigning the Barilla Global L&D experience

A leading Italian food company wants to rethink its Learning & Development
experience and make the platform more effective.

A co-design journey to build a new identity for the L&D department and focus on
a new learning experience.

Reorganization and redesign of the platform, new identity and manifesto of the
L&D team, a "soft launch" video of the new LX,  newsletter and feedback form to
be included at the end of the courses.

The HR team has asked us for support in reimagining the Learning & Development
experience to make it more effective, organized, and intuitive. This
organization provides its population with many resources and opportunities for
learning, but it lacked a cohesive and clear learning experience for
employees.The project started with a qualitative research phase, consisting of a
deep dive into the current experience and a series of individual interviews with
key stakeholders.Considering the gathered information, a co-design workshop was
designed and conducted involving the key stakeholders. During the workshop,
participants were first guided to identify the characteristics of the new L&D
identity and then to consolidate the information necessary to create the new
Learning Experience.The new learning experience consists of a reorganization and
redesign of the OneLearning platform and a new feedback collection process
through a specially developed questionnaire aimed at gathering the sentiment of
course participants.The new identity is conveyed in an L&D manifesto that
represents the new approach and has been communicated to the global population
through a dedicated newsletter and a video launch produced by the MAIZE team.

BARILLA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
