REDESIGN STRATEGY FOR THE WEBSITE OF A LARGE STAFFING AGENCY

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesign Strategy for the Website of a Large Staffing Agency

The project consists of four key phases, but so far, only the first two modules
have been deployed:

1. Discovery – A 360° assessment of the current state versus competitors,
covering service design, UX/UI, accessibility, technology, analytics, and
traffic generation.

2. Define & Design Roadmap – Co-design of the MVP websites and planning future
investments.

3. Design & Test – Creation of the website concept, design system, and user
testing.

4. Development & Monitoring – Tech development, content creation, and
optimization.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Automotive & Petrol • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesign Strategy for the Website of a Large Staffing Agency

Design a cutting-edge web platform that combines new technology and existing
infrastructure to attract, engage and convert users, ensuring adaptive, user-
friendly experiences and measurable results.

A detailed, actionable roadmap outlining interventions for each platform
component (Public Website, Candidate Portal, Client Portal) across four key
areas: Design, Technology, Analytics, and SEO.

Through the project, we identified major gaps in the client's digital platform
and provided actionable recommendations for the go-to-market strategy.

The project spanned five countries (Italy, Germany, Portugal, Brazil, and Spain)
and two brands—one for blue-collar and another for white-collar workers. It
focused on four key areas: Design (UX/UI), Technology, Analytics, and Traffic &
Demand Generation, aiming to build a comprehensive online strategy and a
solution designed to enhance attraction, conversion, and retention.

During the Discovery phase, each sub-team identified key opportunities for
improvement by analyzing existing platforms against competitors and conducting
expert reviews. These opportunities were then presented, validated, and
prioritized in a two-day remote workshop attended by key client stakeholders
with decision-making authority.

In the next phase, the team developed a detailed actionable roadmap for
implementing the highest-priority initiatives. This roadmap outlined activities,
ownership, timelines, milestones, expected impact, and required investments.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Automotive & Petrol • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
