REFRESH THE PRODUCT DISCOVERY PROCESS OF AN INTERNATIONAL LUXURY GROUP

------------------------------------------------------------

Refresh the product discovery process of an international luxury group

A luxury multinational asked us to experiment and consolidate, with 4 selected
Maisons within the group, a new methodology to "re-enchant product discovery"
and generate tangible POCs on 2 specific product categories (handbags and
perfumes). 

It is a good example of where qualitative research has had a fundamental
contribution to generate design ideas anchored in market reality, which was then
transformed into testable business opportunities.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Refresh the product discovery process of an international luxury group

Experiment and consolidate with 4 selected Maisons a new methodology to 're-
enchant product discovery'and generate tangible POC on 2 specific product
categories (bags and perfumes).

Building future scenarios on the basis of as-is research (internal interviews +
e-commerce + retail experience analysis) and trend research, to be used as input
for generating new project ideas.

41 project ideas arranged in a playbook, prioritised. For 3 of these ideas, POCs
were developed that demonstrated their feasibility and explored a puri-sensorial
Product Discovery

The programme was cross-brand so each participating Maison could learn about the
others. 

Why re-enchant? In an age of abundance in which accessibility, availability and
visibility become determining factors in customer decision-making, luxury brands
need to find new ways to give their products a sense of exclusivity and magic. 

To address this need, we interviewed 19 internal stakeholders, analysed market
and behavioural trends, and mapped the e-commerce and retail experience, all to
draw future scenarios. 

These scenarios were the starting point for a 2-day workshop with 16
stakeholders from the group and the 4 Maisons. The conceptualisation activities
allowed us to converge towards more and more precise design solutions. 

Based on these solutions, we developed a playbook containing 41 design ideas.
For 3 of these we developed a synaesthetic POC, exploring the senses: sound,
touch and visual orchestration.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
