SCOUTING OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES THAT IMPROVE CAR SAFETY

------------------------------------------------------------

Scouting of new technologies that improve car safety

Between 2018 and 2019, we supported a luxury sports car manufacturer through the
design and development of an Open Innovation program aimed at identifying new
technologies that improve drivers and passengers' safety and vehicle
accessibility.

We structured the program according to two different scouting activities whose
result has been the creation of a startup shortlist fitting the client’s needs.
The last phase of the project consisted of the arrangement of two meetings
between the client and the selected startups with the aim to evaluate possible
collaborations starting from a pilot project.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Automotive & Petrol • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Scouting of new technologies that improve car safety

Identify new technologies to apply inside the vehicle with the objective of
improving drivers and passengers safety and car accessibility

Design and execution of a scouting program focusing on the research and
evaluation of startups dealing with products and technological know-how in line
with the specific needs of the client

Collection of information regarding more than 200 startups located all around
the world, screening of the results, and arrangement of 2 meetings between the
client and the selected startups

A worldwide Open Innovation program that has been designed starting from an
initial understanding phase conducted through a co-design workshop with the
client. This activity has been critical for gathering information and insights
related to the client’s needs and led to the definition of the two clusters
outlining the scope of the scouting process. The first area of research focused
on those startups and companies dealing with augmented reality and mixed reality
technologies that could improve car security in relation to the display of
information inside the vehicle. The second area focused instead on the research
of biometric and health technologies able to assess drivers and passengers'
vital signs and improve the accessibility of the vehicle.

After the identification of more than 200 startups and companies, we evaluated
them on the basis of predefined KPIs and created a shortlist. Finally, we
arranged two meetings between the client and the selected startups where they
could discuss a possible collaboration starting from a pilot project.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Automotive & Petrol • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
