SEMANTIC SEARCH ENGINE FOR EXTERNAL REGULATORY RESEARCH AND COMPLAINT ANALYSIS

BANCA SELLA

------------------------------------------------------------

Semantic search engine for external regulatory research and complaint analysis

Banking, financial and insurance institutions are subject to national and
international regulations (European Union, Bank of Italy, etc.) to which they
must adapt policies and internal processes.

In this context, Banca Sella contacted us for the development and integration
into its systems of a tool useful to accomplish two tasks: on the one hand to
facilitate the searchability of regulatory requirements and on the other hand to
analyze the complaints received from its customers sorted by priority and
severity.

BANCA SELLA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Semantic search engine for external regulatory research and complaint analysis

A software component integrated into customer systems to perform two different
tasks: searching and navigating regulations and analyzing customer complaints
about services and products.

A semantic search engine with similarity detection algorithm for external
regulatory research and customizable ranking for sorting and analyzing claims.

The application allows, on the one hand, to find regulations similar to one's
own research through semantic similarity and, on the other hand, to handle
claims within a thematic analysis perimeter.

Banca Sella, an Italian bank, contacted us for the development and integration
into its systems of a software solution with semantic capabilities able to meet
two needs: on the one hand to improve the searchability of regulatory elements,
and on the other hand the analysis of customer complaints about its services and
products.

We have therefore created a semantic search engine with two main components: a
similarity detection algorithm to ensure greater affinity in the search of
regulatory paragraphs and a customizable ranking algorithm for sorting
complaints in order of priority and severity.

The application improves the searchability of a regulatory requirement (old or
new) and, through semantic similarity, shows which paragraphs of the internal
regulations are similar to the searched topic, making possible a gap analysis
and relative adequacy of a solution compared to the regulation;

The system also makes it possible to manage complaints according to the ranking
(average weight) of the criteria established for the individual analysis,
through the definition of a series of criteria of importance and the assignment
of a weight to each of them for the realization of a thematic and/or temporal
scope of analysis.

BANCA SELLA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
