SMART GRID, 3D SOLUTION THAT TEACH THE FUNDAMENTALS BEHIND DOMESTIC ELECTRICITY
GRID

ENEL

------------------------------------------------------------

Smart Grid, 3D solution that teach the fundamentals behind domestic electricity
grid

Sustainability and circular economy are at the center of public attention,
especially among young people who will first experience the impact of the
climate crisis. In addition to the environmental concerns, conscious use of
electrical energy also has an economic impact which becomes of interest to young
adults who are starting to live on their own, thus becoming users of energy
services.

Smart Grid Experience is a 3D interactive simulation, targeting users in the 14+
age group, to help them understand the fundamental concepts of household
electrical appliances and the advantages that Smart Grids provide.

ENEL

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Smart Grid, 3D solution that teach the fundamentals behind domestic electricity
grid

Help users, especially young adults, gain a basic understanding of household
electrical appliances and smart grids.

An immersive and playful experience to engage users and teach them at the same
time.

Increased awareness of the behavior and the choices users make in their everyday
life.

Smart Grid Experience is a 3D interactive simulation of a home environment and
all of its devices that consume or produce electrical energy.

The user, immersed in this realistic environment, must control the usage of
these devices to optimize the energy balance of the house. Real-time
infographics, available for every single device and for the entire house, show
the electrical requirements, the amount of carbon dioxide emitted, and the
operating cost.

The user can also buy "upgrades" (e.g. solar panels, LED light bulbs, ...) and
see the impact that these choices have on the energy balance.

During the experience, unexpected events can happen, such as faults or changes
in the price of energy, which make the experience even more challenging and
meaningful.

Smart Grid can be played in Virtual Reality, on desktop PC, on Android and iOS
mobile platforms.

ENEL

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
