SPOTLIGHT ON CHANGE: A PODCAST DEDICATED TO TALKING ABOUT CHANGING

------------------------------------------------------------

Spotlight on Change: a podcast dedicated to talking about changing

The launch of a new brand and the adoption of new values are crucial and
important phases for any company. Sace decided to extend the range of
traditional communication tools available to its employees to inform them with a
series of 4 podcasts.In the first episode we focused on the new brand; in the
second, on the new values chosen by Sace employees through a voting process; in
the third, on the adoption of the agile methodology as a new working method; and
in the fourth and last, on the new leadership model.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Spotlight on Change: a podcast dedicated to talking about changing

Sace asked us to support their communication at a time of major change, with a
series of podcasts in addition to the traditional tools.

Four podcast episodes, each of about 10 minutes in length, with which you can
listen to and delve into the story of the change that is taking place in Sace
and the people who live there.

Internal communication uses some tools that are losing their appeal and
effectiveness. Intranet and email will always be important tools, but it is
important to explore and support new tools.

There are many ways to describe a series of changes and one of the possible
approaches is the one that Sace has chosen, an approach that consists of
providing employees with different tools that describe these changes in a
specific way.The podcast series, called Spotlight on Change, was divided into
four episodes dedicated to four elements of the change that Sace was facing.Each
episode has a recurring structure, which includes an opening and an introduction
with the voice of one of the communications people giving the context and theme
of the episode.The same person then interviews a guest who is an "expert" on the
subject, for example, in the episode dedicated to the new Sace brand, the head
of the design studio that worked on the new brand was interviewed.And at the
end, some Sace employees are interviewed and asked for their opinion on the
topic of the episode.The advantages of the podcast tool that the client
appreciated were the sense of novelty of the tool itself, its quick and easy
usability, usability that does not require the commitment of reading a
newsletter or watching a video.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
