TERRAVENTURA, AN OPEN INNOVATION PROJECT FOR ITALIAN TOBACCO FARMERS

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO

------------------------------------------------------------

Terraventura, an open innovation project for Italian tobacco farmers

The Terraventura project stems from British American Tobacco's desire to promote
digital transformation within the Italian tobacco supply chain.The goals of the
project are the scouting of startups, the selection and the development of PoCs
in the agritech field to support farmers in the definition of a more sustainable
agriculture, in the improvement of the quality of working life and in the
identification of new complementary business models to tobacco.

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Gambling & Tobacco • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Terraventura, an open innovation project for Italian tobacco farmers

British American Tobacco needs to support the Italian tobacco supply chain by
developing skills and new knowledge regarding technology in the field of
agritech applied to tobacco.

An Open Innovation path with the aim of focusing on the needs of farmers and
researching technological solutions in the agritech field that are ready to be
adopted.

+600 startups involved, 87 applications received, 11 startups invited to the
Innovation Event, 3 startups with which to start the PoCs.

Terraventura was born from the desire of British American Tobacco to promote
digital transformation within the Italian tobacco supply chain, through an Open
Innovation project which aims to scout startups, select and develop PoCs in the
agritech field.The design phases involved:Research and definition of briefs: a
field analysis phase with visits of major farms to intercept farmers' needs,
from which 3 briefs were identified.Call for Startup & Scouting: a European-
level Call for Startup supported by a scouting and communication activity open
to all solutions in target with the briefs, receiving 87 applications.Selection
& Innovation Event: presentation of a shortlist of 26 startups during a
dedicated meeting and subsequent event where the best 11 startups presented
their solution and met project partners.Definition of PoCs: identification of 3
startups to launch a dedicated PoC with. The selected startups were XFarm
(Italy), Pycno&Agroop (Portugal) and iFarming (Italy).

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Gambling & Tobacco • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
