TESTING AND ADOPTION OF 3D IN FOOTWEAR DEVELOPMENT PROCESSES FOR HIMCO

HIMCO

------------------------------------------------------------

Testing and adoption of 3D in footwear development processes for HIMco

After an initial phase of study and analysis of the footwear development
processes, High Italian Manufacturing (HIM co), an Italian company that produces
high-end footwear for Italian and international fashion brands, asked us to
adopt 3D processes in the prototyping phase with some major brands.The process
was structured in different phases, ranging from brand involvement to training
courses on dedicated tools, with the final goal of making HIMco autonomous in
the adoption of 3D in the company.

HIMCO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Testing and adoption of 3D in footwear development processes for HIMco

Applying 3D to the prototyping process and testing its feasibility from the
standpoint of development time and required resources, as well as testing
interest from the brands involved.

3D digitization of the prototyping process for two brands (more than 40 models
developed digitally) and a training course for HIMco's internal staff.

We have created 40 models and more than 30 digital materials, along with
hundreds of renders and several dynamic 3D assets (360° view, AR view).
Additionally, we have delivered two training courses.

The journey to adopting a digital workflow included several stages:

Brand identification. In collaboration with HIMco's product development team, we
selected the two brands that would benefit the most from working with a 3D
process.

Digitization of footwear. We worked synergistically with the two Brand Managers,
from the collection of the requests to the end of the prototyping phase, going
through several steps of "digital adjustments."

Brand involvement. We engaged the involved brands to evaluate future 3D
implementations.

Internal training. We identified the individuals in HIMco who were best suited
to adopt 3D processes and tools and provided them with training on using
dedicated software and managing new processes (creating digital materials,
managing a digital asset library, etc.).

The entire 18-month journey aimed to test the feasibility of 3D in internal
processes, verify the value of 3D for the brands involved, and ultimately make
HIMco autonomous in applying the new processes.

HIMCO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
