TEXT ANALYTICS FOR THE VOC AND VOE IN THE BANK DOMAIN

INTESA SANPAOLO

------------------------------------------------------------

Text Analytics for the VoC and VoE in the bank domain

The Customer Experience Division of a bank collects every year almost 800k
satisfaction questionnaires containing open-ended answers, both from customers
and employees. The amount of texts to be analyzed requires an automatic tool to
extract insights, opinions and sentiment.

Intesa Sanpaolo, one of the most significant italian finance player, asked us to
use our text mining platform for documents classification and sentiment
analysis.

INTESA SANPAOLO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Text Analytics for the VoC and VoE in the bank domain

Analyze open-ended answers to identify and to classify the topics mentioned by
customers and employees, also distinguishing between positive and negative
comments.

We proposed the use of CELI.analytics, our proprietary platform. The product,
through various NLP technologies, allows to analyze texts and extract key
insights.

The platform automatically analyzes thousands of documents per minutes,
eliminating the most tedious tasks. Thanks to its user-friendly interface, it is
used even by users with no technical skills.

The Customer Experience Division of a bank collects every year almost 800k
satisfaction questionnaires containing open-ended answers, both from customers
and employees. The amount of texts to be analyzed requires an automatic tool to
extract insights, opinions and sentiment.

CELI.analytics, our proprietary text and speech analytics platform, is
specifically designed to identify and to classify frequently mentioned topics,
extracting significant insights and distinguishing between texts that convey
positive or negative emotions.

The platform uses the best Natural Language Processing technologies to analyze
texts, combining different approaches: Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Rule-
based Systems. The tool's architecture is very agile and allows the system to
analyze thousands of texts per minute with state-of-the-art precision.

The solution is deployed as SaaS and it did not require any particular effort
from the IT team of the bank. Thanks to its user-friendly graphic interface, the
platform is used by several bank employee who have no coding skills.

Analyzing the frequence and the relevance of the topics mentioned by customers,
the bank can make stategic decisions to improve its processes and services.

INTESA SANPAOLO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
