THE FUTURE OF KITCHEN

------------------------------------------------------------

The future of kitchen

The client, a company in the kitchen sector specialized in manufacturing gas
burner components, requested MAIZE's support to enhance its R&D efforts. The
goal was to explore innovation and product development opportunities by better
understanding end-user needs and behaviors. The project included ethnographic
and trend research followed by co-design workshops to ideate and validate new
concepts that meet real needs and reinforce the client’s market leadership.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2024

------------------------------------------------------------

The future of kitchen

Understand real user needs to drive the development of new product concepts and
opportunities.

Ethnographic research, trend analysis, and co-design to identify insights and
validate innovative concepts.

A structured set of opportunities and product concepts to support innovation and
market leadership.

The project was designed to support a key player in the kitchen industry in
strengthening its R&D capabilities, with a specific focus on consumer insights
and innovation opportunities. The approach followed 3 main phases:

In the first phase, a trend analysis was conducted to examine how the kitchen
sector is evolving, identifying key drivers of change such as cultural shifts,
technological innovations, and sustainability trends.

The second phase involved ethnographic research, including consumer interviews
and on-field observations with key Italian and international target users, aimed
at uncovering real needs, habits, and expectations related to kitchen use.

The third phase focused on collaborative concept generation through a co-design
workshop with the client’s R&D team. These sessions helped validate the most
promising opportunities and develop initial product ideas.

The outcome was a structured set of insights and concept directions that will
guide the client’s future innovation strategy and help maintain their leadership
in the market.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2024

------------------------------------------------------------
