UNBUTTON, A SPACE TO TELL WHO YOU ARE

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Unbutton, a space to tell who you are

Before launching our new website, Unbutton was the space through which we talked
about ourselves, internally and externally, with the aim of making known the
articulated ecosystem of MAIZE. A blog, hosted by medium.com, but above all an
identity card that described our mindset, the people and all the activities we
organized or in which we participated. The space was fueled by input from all of
our team members who, through various formats, offered points of view on what we
do.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Unbutton, a space to tell who you are

Design a new touchpoint that tells about us and our vision, encourages content
co-creation, and stimulates knowledge sharing (approaches, methods, and
visions).

Blog on Medium, divided into five sections, in which we talked about our MAIZE
team, our vision and what we do.

A blog with over 70 articles and more than 200 followers and a detailed
editorial plan that guided the growth of the channel.

Unbutton was the space through which we talked about ourselves: a collection of
articles on who we are, what we do and what our points of view are on issues
affecting the world of innovation. All members of the MAIZE team could access it
and contribute new content to the blog according to a shared editorial plan.
Unbutton was organized into 5 souls:

Thoughts – an articulated section that described our offer, some points of view
that we have developed with the experience on some industries and our vision at
a strategic, organizational and cultural level;

People – people are the real engine of our organization and in this section we
therefore talked about them through Proustian interviews, a fun format that
allows us to tell each of us both from a professional and personal point of
view;

Organization – a manual of our operating system that explained how we are
organized and structured within our team;

Cool things – a collection of all the cool things we organized or participated
in, including events;

maize – a section where we talked about our cultural Factory maize.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
