UNDERSTANDING FLU, A DASHBOARD TO OBSERVE FLU-LIKE SYNDROMES IN ITALY.

------------------------------------------------------------

Understanding flu, a dashboard to observe flu-like syndromes in Italy.

A leading player in the pharmaceutical sector asked us to create an interactive
dashboard that would provide aggregated data on the flu situation in Italy
starting from the 2023-2024 winter season, mapping a lot of useful information
and designed to be easily usable and readable by a wide and non-specialised
audience. The solution was also designed to be usable from mobile devices.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Understanding flu, a dashboard to observe flu-like syndromes in Italy.

Realise a mobile-friendly dashboard, easy to use and read, that can provide a
good level of depth of data analysis while maintaining a simple and user-
friendly level of interaction.

An interactive dashboard that would answer the goal of making flu trend data
starting with the 2023/2024 flu season accessible to any kind of audience.

The dashboard gives the opportunity to easily interact with the data provided by
the ISS Infectious Diseases Department, which are updated weekly during the
survey period.

Data on flu syndromes have parameters of measurement that are not widely known
to the non-expert, which is why we have provided an introduction page, which
preceeded access to the dashboard and provides an anticipation of the topics
covered and sources used.The need to be understood by a wide range of users
guided the choice of visual templates and language used, giving preference to a
popular and non-technical approach and favouring easy-to-understand and commonly
used charts, enriching the depth of reading thanks to interactivity. The data
were then divided into 3 categories and thus different views representing:- a
regional and age-group cross-section based on the last week's data- the trend of
the last 12 months filtered by age group - a 10-year historical comparison with
weekly detail.Each has been enriched with filters and interactions that allow
the user to interact with the data, deepen it and compare it, according to user
interest and availability.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
