UPSKILL&GROW - AN IMMERSIVE TRAINING PATH TO TRAIN SOFT SKILLS

------------------------------------------------------------

Upskill&Grow - an immersive training path to train soft skills

To prepare for the launch of an internal call for ideas program, the client
needs to train the company's young people as best as possible. The objective is
to develop all the soft skills to better deal with cross-functional work.He
therefore asked us to design a training course for the company's 74 young
talents under 31, to give them all the necessary tools.Thus Upskill&Grow was
born: a training course, designed to be experienced in an immersive way, with
moments of theory alternating with practice.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Upskill&Grow - an immersive training path to train soft skills

Support the company's young Under 31s in acquiring the necessary skills for the
launch of a new internal call for ideas program.

A training path for the company's Under 31s on soft skills, preparatory to an
internal call for ideas.

A survey to get to know the participants, an online launch meeting, a three-day
training event in H-FARM and a toolkit with all the training materials of the
program.

Upskill&Grow is the preparatory path for the launch of the internal call for
ideas program. Starting from the client's training needs, the objective is to
train some of the soft skills that allow people to bring value to cross-
functional teams and in idea generation moments.The training project was created
to inspire, work on soft skills, disseminate a shared methodology between the
different functions and enhance the proactivity of the participants.The project
phases:- Context understanding  and assessment: getting to know the participants
as best as possible to design an ad hoc training course.- Co-design and
planning: define the timing, methods and contents of the path with the client's
core team to bring everything into line with the company reality.- Delivery:
play with different formats between online meetings, an in-person training event
and a toolkit delivered to participants.Alternating moments of inspiration,
exercises and coaching sessions, we trained:

Creativity, even rational creativity

Management of time, workloads and project activities

The culture of feedback and retrospective.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
