VENCHI AI VIDEO PRODUCTION & TRAINING CAMP

------------------------------------------------------------

Venchi AI Video Production & Training Camp

Venchi requested our support for training the Marketing team staff on Generative
AI Video and, subsequently, for producing 3 social reels to be published on
Instagram for the Gelati 2024 Campaign. We proposed a project structured in two
phases: the first, led by Maize, involved scouting and testing in the expansive
landscape of contemporary Generative AI Video. The second phase focused on two
parallel fronts: on-the-job training for the internal team member and the
production of the 3 social reels, in collaboration between Maize and Venchi.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Venchi AI Video Production & Training Camp

Training on the job + POC to support the Venchi Gelati 2024 Campaign.

TOJ: After two weeks, Venchi's internal resource managed a significant portion
of the generation for Reel 3 autonomously.

POC: Gen-AI speeds up image and video creation, cutting time for processes like
on-location shooting and CGI. Note: Not all tasks are covered. This allows more
time for creativity and fine-tuning.

1. Scouting & TestingAfter a kick-off meeting to define the TOV and creative
direction, we conducted a selection and testing of models and tools, prompting
and stylistic references targeted to the brief’s requirements. This phase
essentially corresponds to the PRE phase of research and testing in a
traditional audiovisual shoot.

2. Training + AI Video Production

Starting from scratch, we discuss the creative idea with the client and move on
to define the master shots (with text-to-image models), which are then animated
for production (image-to-video). Throughout the process, the staff is trained
initially in a receptive/passive mode, and gradually more on-the-job, taking the
lead.

3. Post-production and DeliveryAt the end of the generation phase, we support
the client in the post-production and fine-tuning of the videos. Similarly, once
the training process is complete, the staff is trained in the basics of editing
and animation specific to the needs.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
