VIDEO RECOMMENDER ENGINE

------------------------------------------------------------

Video Recommender Engine

Video recommendation systems provide users with the suitable content to choose
based on their preferences. Therefore, video websites pay a lot of attention to
these systems, as they effectively achieve higher user satisfaction and
increased site retention. A popular television platform offers on its website
the opportunity to watch clips of sporting events and other clips related to the
event.

Our client wanted to be able to suggest other videos related to the preferences
of the users, so as to entice them to view more content.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Media and Entertainment • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Video Recommender Engine

Develop a recommender system that is able to suggest new videos to users based
on a variety of metadata.

The system provides a set of related videos using the metadata values associated
with the first video and all the content of the video itself as a similarity
measure.

The system is ﻿deployed on the client's website and it shows the recommended
videos on the left side of the page, next to the video that the user’s currently
playing.

Video recommendation has become an essential way of helping people explore the
massive videos and discover the ones that may be of interest to them. Our client
asked us to implement a system for recommending videos of sporting events on its
web platform.

The project was first developed as a PoC and then deployed on the official
website of the client. The system primarily dealt with videos of football events
and was later expanded towards all other sports.

The recommendation engine takes into consideration intrinsic parameters of the
video (e.g. duration, publication date ...), editorial parameters (e.g. title,
description ...) and automatically extracted from the content (Speech to text,
Google Vision Web API ...) .

Once a user opens a video clip on the website, the system recommends suitable
content on the left side of the page. The user can provide a specific feedback
about the content he/she’s watching via the mean of a toggle with smiles on it.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Media and Entertainment • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
