VOICE POC: A CONVERSATIONAL ASSISTANT AS CREATIVE WRITING PARTNER AND BRAND
EXPERT

------------------------------------------------------------

Voice PoC: a conversational assistant as creative writing partner and Brand
expert

The content creation team of a renowned luxury brand needs an application that
supports the enrichment and generation of content across multiple
markets/languages and digital channels, adhering to the Tone Of Voice (TOV) of
the Brand.We realized, starting with a PoC on social media content, a
conversational assistant based on large generative models and the CELI.dialog
platform.We showed that the solution is capable of understanding the TOV rules,
verifying compliance with the Brand's voice, proposing alternatives, and
effectively supporting the work of content creators.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Voice PoC: a conversational assistant as creative writing partner and Brand
expert

Help the editorial team in validating creative content, enriching and rewriting
it accordingly to the Brand's Tone Of Voice. If editorial briefs are available,
propose automatically a starting draft.

Development of a state-of-the-art LLM-based chatbot via PoC that integrates the
brand's Tone Of Voice rules and assists the user in reviewing and creating
social content.

The chatbot reduces approval and publishing time by facilitating the adoption of
the brand's guidelines at all levels, while also mitigating the risks connected
to non-conformities.

Starting with the need to standardize social content against the brand's Tone of
Voice, we designed and developed an English-language chatbot to support content
creators in reviewing existing social content and generating content from
scratch for Instagram, Facebook, and LinkedIn.By selecting certain areas of the
brand's TOV, a knowledge base was created that can be maintained over time,
which the chatbot draws on to generate responses.The chatbot has been integrated
with GPT-4 for reviewing and rewriting posts: the model identifies portions of
text that do not comply with TOV rules, and the user, after viewing the analysis
and the new proposal provided by the system, can request insights into the
violated TOV rules or further changes to the content.In addition, the system can
generate unedited content from the upload of one or more images (analyzed via
BLIP-2) and a brief. The management of the conversation logic is delegated to
CELI.dialog.The PoC facilitates the work of the client's content creators in
terms of effectiveness and is scalable in terms of users and new languages to be
integrated.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
