WESACE, A NEW INTRANET TO IMPROVE THE USER EXPERIENCE AND INCREASE PEOPLE'S
ENGAGEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------

WeSACE, a new Intranet to improve the user experience and increase people's
engagement

In 2021, SACE asked us to design its new Intranet taking into account the needs
of the users who use it on a daily basis.It also asked us for support to promote
the use of this tool through a communication campaign, with the aim of
maximising its value for employees and the company, stimulating a sense of
belonging and identity.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

WeSACE, a new Intranet to improve the user experience and increase people's
engagement

Design and define the identity of the new Intranet based on the real needs of
users. Carry out a communication campaign to promote its use among the corporate
community.

A customised Intranet, built on the basis of feedback gathered from users, with
features to facilitate the use of content, and a communication package to launch
it in the company.

We redesigned the architecture and visual concept of the Intranet, created the
naming ‘WeSACE’ and produced content for a launch campaign with videos and
newsletters to stimulate people's interaction.

In 2021, SACE asked us to redesign its corporate Intranet to ensure that the new
platform reflected the real needs of users, to make it easier to use and more
appealing in terms of visuals, naming and logo.They also asked us for support in
designing and creating the content for a communication campaign that would
stimulate people to interact with the content within it.To design the platform,
we worked through 2 phases. In the first, we analysed the existing portal and
collected the wishes of the SACE core team. Next, we involved a wider segment of
the corporate population to gather needs and expectations. Once the assumptions
were validated, we started the second phase of the project, namely the design of
the Intranet, the UX and the production of content for communication.We
identified the new WeSACE brand, defined the visual creative concept and
architecture of the platform, and delivered the necessary package for
technological development, coordinating with the IT team.In correspondence with
the various releases, we marked the various moments with a launch video and a
communication and training campaign on the features of the Intranet and its
functionality.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
