YEXT, TRAINING OF A PROPRIETARY LLM

YEXT

------------------------------------------------------------

Yext, training of a proprietary LLM

Yext, a US company that owns the platform of the same name for managing the
digital presence of multi-location brands, needed to train its proprietary
search system to handle Q&A in Italian; it therefore turned to us for the
creation of an Italian corpus, based on the translation of SQuAD. The project
was carried out in 3 tranches during which the language resources in Italian
were created for the training of the LLM, and consultancy, evaluation,
selection, filtering, preparation, and balancing of data useful for the pre-
training and fine-tuning phases of the Language Model were provided.

YEXT

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Yext, training of a proprietary LLM

Training of the proprietary search system for Q&A management on the Yext
platform.

Creation and training of a corpus in Italian based on SQuAD.

Q: 11020; A: 7077Q&A %: 52%unanswered: 5349Q without A: 48%

Yext employs AI and machine learning technologies to offer services such as Q&A
management, among others, so that companies can offer consistent, accurate and
engaging experiences to their customers.To extend the service to customers with
Italian users, Yext approached us for the creation and training of a proprietary
LLM in Italian.In the first of the 3 stages of the project, Yext required the
selection, revision, correction, localisation and overall improvement of 500
questions and answers (Q&A) to create a pilot version of a corpus in Italian
based on SQuAD-it. In this phase, also thanks to the collaboration with the
client's data scientists, the optimal characteristics of the output were
defined, such as the use of a natural and neutral linguistic style, rather than
a colloquial or too formal one, and the setting of the right thematic variety of
content. In addition, the client requested that there should be approximately
the same amount of topic-related questions that are answered in the corpus and
those that are not (so-called 'empty questions'). The latter, lacking in SQuAD,
were created from scratch.Once the pilot was approved, a further 2 tranches of
work were carried out to create the entire dataset, which reached the size of
11020 questions and 7077 answers

YEXT

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
